Comments,Classes
Forgive me if I feel no sympathy for the arrested retired general and propagandist posing as a ?defence analyst? who regularly spewed disinformation on national TV and endangered journalists and activists? lives by falsely accusing them of treason and blasphemy,No
"So, what happens after you finally get married to someone you really, really like?",No
Notes sound like a coup against CJP by some of his fellow brethren.,No
I will kill you motherfucker,Yes
talking to my over driver about where I'm goinghe said he'd love to go to New York too but since Trump it's probably not,No
Does anybody know if the Rand's likely to fall against the dollar? I got some money  I need to change into R but it keeps getting stronger unhappy ,Yes
I miss going to gigs in Liverpool unhappy ,Yes
There isnt a new Riverdale tonight ? unhappy ,Yes
it's that A*dy guy from pop Asia and then the translator so they'll probs go with them around Aus unhappy ,Yes
Who's that chair you're sitting in? Is this how I find out. Everyone knows now. You've shamed me in pu,No
don't like how jittery caffeine makes me sad ,No
My area's not on the list unhappy  think I'll go LibDems anyway,Yes
I want fun plans this weekend unhappy ,Yes
When can you notice me.  unhappy  what?  ,Yes
Ahhhhh! You recognized LOGAN!!! Cinemax shows have a BAD track record for getting cancelled unhappy ,Yes
Errr dude.... They're gone unhappy  Asked other league memeber to check  the guys are go ,Yes
Not you again sad  ,No
Why would Harvey be going to prison? unhappy ,Yes
Missing in crying  Seaside area. ,No
Becoz if we will depend on your promoting its waste of hardwork to all team who ,No
I thought you'll save me crying ,No
major waffle cravings right now sad ,No
cant speak japanese ::(,No
how can people do stuff like this unhappy  ,Yes
please just stop confining animals in zoos unhappy  ,Yes
Feel like i shoyould be telling you to get the fuck out social media byout also feel really mean because unhappy  silence  love yoyou hope yoyoure okay ,Yes
i miss you huhu so busy unhappy ,Yes
it was extended family. 12 ppl.ahh wanted to show a Oh My Girl being dorky while playing a game but it got deleted unhappy ,Yes
Don't do that unhappy ,Yes
Jamie can you please reset the CGa grandfinal server... no administrator are responding unhappy ,Yes
noOoooooo YOU GONNA MISS THE BUFFET unhappy  TAKE CARE AIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ,Yes
I wish i could vote for you unhappy ,Yes
instant message so jealous okay unhappy  but never mind haha bruno can wait finals first,Yes
when i'm enlisting can please turn up like this unhappy  ,Yes
unhappy  how come people like this have children where's the state intervention ,Yes
Ouchhhhh unhappy  ,Yes
Help... I want to stop tweeting. All I feel is endless suffering and pain. I tried to deactivate myself many times... Save me... unhappy ,Yes
For those asking,No
 the application is Kana Kanji Funtime! Sadly,No
 it looks like iOS 11 is due to kill it unhappy  ,Yes
Yeah did update to 16.04 ,No
 it froze a few times. Then went to 16.10,No
 froze mid install. Waited 3hrs he'd to pull plug crying ,No
Shaandaar,No
 Zabardast,No
 Another ATBB on it's way ! I wish Srk Sir starts signing good movies unhappy  ,Yes
I want Jabee crying ,No
sociopath full raid gear sad  ,No
When will you say hi sunshine ? unhappy  ,Yes
i feel bad for doing that AHAHA unhappy ,Yes
it's getting harder and harder to stay unhappy ,Yes
His face looks bloated unhappy  baby get well soon ,Yes
fuck. tried changing my settings but still in india. unhappy ,Yes
talking to my over driver about where I'm goinghe said he'd love to go to New York too but since Trump it's probably not,No
Let's not forget that it's also Gabriel Tenma White's birthday today!I miss unhappy  ,Yes
Why am i always taken for granted eversince unhappy ,Yes
Ah alright,No
 i don%27t know if you saw my comment yet,No
 but what camera you shooting with,No
 does it have flip out scr ,No
I miss Louis' tweets unhappy ,Yes
Koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  ,Yes
okay I'll shut up now. instant message just mad that lots of people will now have a VERY flawed opinion on mental health ( on mine) because of this show unhappy ,Yes
pamura isa because in this very moment,No
 i want to explode like a grenade to the point where people will die with me. sad ,No
YG should have sent them to MCD. I want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways ,Yes
i really want one of those iconic jimin stripes turtleneck shirt unhappy ,Yes
I want a spoons but I cant go unhappy  honestly feels like a messy break up unhappy ,Yes
Makes me so sad unhappy  they looked so unhappy when I went to SeaWorld ,Yes
YG should have sent them to MCD. I want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways ,Yes
I miss Rockys posts unhappy  ,Yes
Hey Tony,No
 oh no unhappy  Could you please tell me a little more about your issue? Im following if youd prefer to DM. Amanda,Yes
i love mason and miss mason unhappy ,Yes
Cold as a mother crusher right now. Nearing the end of April. sad ,No
we don%27t talk anymore like we used to do unhappy ,Yes
YG should have sent them to MCD. I want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways ,Yes
miss biking unhappy ,Yes
I miss Big brother unhappy ,Yes
6 days in camp haiss miss you a lot unhappy ,Yes
It's raining so hard unhappy ,Yes
Am bored and kandowiandg I have ando plaands for today is makiandg me eveand more bored unhappy ,Yes
oh my god not laurie penny unhappy ,Yes
can you say Hi Mekisha? unhappy ,Yes
I should never draw again unhappy ,Yes
Cleantha ,No
Visual Studio Installation - 89% .. BSOD comes suddenly unhappy ,Yes
i want to make waffles unhappy ,Yes
So sad unhappy  ,Yes
crying  muh feels,No
Look like somethings i will ignore xD Kart Racing when? unhappy ,Yes
did ate jenna just blocked me or what? unhappy ,Yes
My bed is so comfortable I don't want to get up unhappy ,Yes
Is that store still in use? If so,No
 I sincerely hope not too many priceless antiques were destroyed. Reg ,No
Astaga unhappy  /? ,Yes
I want a puppy now unhappy ,Yes
have to work unhappy  but i'll see you tomorrow!! ,Yes
happy weed day without them is not the same anymore unhappy ,Yes
my favourite lipstick hilang crying ,No
Time just flies,No
 can't believe he will be year for next year unhappy  We're becoming old HAHAHAH :v,Yes
The new Twitter reply view has me confused... like do I capitalise my replies to people or not? unhappy ,Yes
Whaddup. Me too crying ,No
unhappy  every time laughing my ass off,Yes
who's selling an army bomb ver 2??? meet up on sad ,No
Yeesh unhappy  It's fairly warm here.,Yes
easter has flown unhappy  I'm not ready to give up home luxuries like branded cereal,Yes
Ohnoo unhappy  unhappy  hope it recuperates sooner!!,Yes
Her back unhappy  ,Yes
give me a chance in west server unhappy ,Yes
but you were going to do it yesterday unhappy ,Yes
I agree. My issue would be that it all has to be paid for somehow. I just can't see the numbers adding up. sad ,No
I want to drink with cigarettes unhappy ,Yes
Oh mince unhappy ,Yes
The manifesto,No
 Nick? Might he deliver WHEN the time demands it. Story of his life - ,No
It's okay I've accepted you the way you are unhappy ,Yes
why do people abuse animals unhappy  they're so loyal,Yes
i'm actually crying while typing this tweet i just can't take it anymore.. not applicablehulog not applicable knock out d unhappy ,Yes
imagine if he wins next time too unhappy  unhappy ,Yes
Same unhappy ,Yes
I need Cue something that would make me smile....I'll be waiting...:( ,No
YG should have sent them to MCD. I want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways ,Yes
YG should have sent them to MCD. I want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways ,Yes
these nosebleeds are getting outta hands unhappy ,Yes
I am perfectly happy being single .. Until I see a happy couple :(KISSES TheFashionIcon,No
Dude I just want more sleep unhappy ,Yes
Feel so fucking shit today unhappy ,Yes
wont be able to stream tonight i'm sorry guys unhappy ,Yes
I face swapped a cat with a dog and it's really upsetting unhappy  ,Yes
your system does not recognize spaces in last names so for 2nd time unable to check in  forced to wait in unnecessary lines unhappy ,Yes
still waiting unhappy ,Yes
 rocks. next question - where is my astro unhappy  ? ,Yes
It was not your fault,No
 but the customs of Argentina that fill you with paperwork unhappy ,Yes
i tried fixing my choristers dress hem that came undone by taping it with fabric tape but i put it on wrong and its even more ruined unhappy ,Yes
Small fishie died unhappy ,Yes
It's too nice outside to be stuck in school all day unhappy ,Yes
EDM pleaseeeeeeeee   unhappy ,Yes
oh my god unhappy  next time mishutuuu,Yes
Can you say Hi julia ??pleasee crying  ,No
Bby unhappy  your emotion  ,Yes
I seriously thought that Coldplay was going to be band like Depeche Mode or U2,Yes
 just kept going unhappy  ,Yes
poor baby unhappy  I hate people ,Yes
unhappy  i have to be strong today jfjfjkf,Yes
I NEED A UNICORN FRAPPUCCINO STAT. I JUST FOUND OUT THEY ARE LIMITED TIMEE! unhappy  How much longer?,Yes
Her back unhappy  ,Yes
unhappy  sorry to hear this.....,Yes
I won't. if i do it's probably for phil but he hasn't seen me yet unhappy ,Yes
Yuri was here and i didn't know it unhappy  the second snsd i missed ,Yes
why are your campervan tickets so expensive? unhappy ,Yes
Canberra is a land-locked capital. unhappy  ,Yes
how much? i cant seem to deathmatch you unhappy ,Yes
.agata baby unhappy  it broke in the mail. but i read your letter  can't thank you enough. you are the best ,Yes
same unhappy ,Yes
she is! HAHA but I wanted to look like v unhappy ,Yes
unhappy  they look dead,Yes
Puta I know sorry isn't enough pero sorry padin unhappy ,Yes
mannn,No
 i want to go to an m's game unhappy ,Yes
unhappy   feeling bored,Yes
I wish i could sleep early unhappy ,Yes
I just hope I start getting the 1GB data per day from tonight!! unhappy ,Yes
Koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  ,Yes
i want to see you happy sad ,No
I just told them to bugger off and hung up! They waned access to my pc. If they phoned someone like my Gran ,No
my braces hurt unhappy ,Yes
Ohh welcome to CLXSSlC chanyeol oppa! Or should I call you with richard? Kalau jadi sayang gimana? unhappy ,Yes
we don%27t talk anymore like we used to do unhappy ,Yes
Claaaaaaaaaaaaasse ! ,Yes
What a pity! unhappy  Those were beautiful! But thank you for your answer!,Yes
Sciatica. What a monumental pain in the arse. unhappy ,Yes
This escalated quickly,No
 I'm aborting mission now have a nice day though x ,No
 rocks. next question - where is my astro unhappy  ?,Yes
Her back unhappy  ,Yes
No stream tonight! Throat is killing me. unhappy ,Yes
Me too...I won't miss the HGVs going past our house though. It was a nice looking building - had initiall ,No
Don't say that unhappy ,Yes
Summer's not in our school's vocabulary unhappy  We need air. Please tell ,Yes
Bae's not here unhappy ,Yes
Wanna get a haircut but i don%27t know a good place unhappy ,Yes
it feels kind of empty w/o youngjae at the venue.. unhappy ,Yes
Her back unhappy  ,Yes
Yeah ,No
 i think that's going to be true ,No
 he can't leave us unhappy ,Yes
Yesterday felt like friday unhappy ,Yes
 [PLEASE RT] he'll buy me a blinking taehyung headband,Yes
 if i get 900 retweets and 900 likes. help me :(un,No
yes instant message sad crying ,No
I face swapped a cat with a dog and it's really upsetting unhappy  ,Yes
Nice! Some really nice stuff there! Mostly black dresses which i won't get away with for a June wedding though unhappy ,Yes
I miss you unhappy ,Yes
Beyond sad unhappy ,Yes
Goodnight princess,No
 I love you  have fun with your friends ,No
YG should have sent them to MCD. I want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways ,Yes
Something is really wrong. I should be spending my days naked on a beach in the hot sunshine. Not working in the cold in King's Lynn sad ,No
Punishment time for JB's team! unhappy  ,Yes
Aw goodnight angel! I love you lots and I hope you're going to have the best tiame and a lot of fun!! Wonho's already am,No
Not really an amount just loads of sections unhappy  I'll ride up to to netherton now meet me at Darby end ?,Yes
Q2 I'm not an MH healthcare professional. As much as I want to help I'm scared to death I might make the situation ,No
Got a msg! Oops not you unhappy ,Yes
Just chillin~ it's a bit quiet tonight on my tough luck unhappy  what about you??,Yes
 I bet The media's one-sided view of Tim Tams surprisingly was the alt-right roar extreme droll Fad unhappy ,Yes
my hair is not as crisp unhappy ,Yes
a couple more unhappy  ,Yes
what the fuck don%27t unhappy ,Yes
Going to CA in July,No
 our reunion is in August unhappy ,Yes
The road and traffic signs section of theory revision is such a myth unhappy ,Yes
unhappy  We're sorry your pizza arrived with mushrooms despite your request. Could you please get in touch vi ,Yes
you're a kabute unhappy ,Yes
last to  things i've bought from you no sweets unhappy ,Yes
Wish I could stay in bed all day and listen to the rain sad ,No
I don't want to tell fellow Comm students because i don't want them to think I'm some kind of suck-up... unhappy ,Yes
When will you notice me? unhappy ,Yes
GO AWAY unhappy  ,Yes
ally unhappy  I can't make a poem about being cute ,Yes
ehh i cant DM you unhappy ,Yes
to  beautiful ladies and so full of fun and body confidence. .. then on the s ,No
why is italian easier than spanish unhappy ,Yes
i find it so difficult to says no to him unhappy  ,Yes
It's only been 3 days and to  nights since mama went back to the province but I already miss her unhappy ,Yes
i want to cry unhappy ,Yes
I love got7 but god i am bored unhappy ,Yes
i can't continue this right now because the lighting is shitty as f i swear sorry sad ,Yes
Let's have dinneeeer please unhappy ,Yes
I lost one import quizzz unhappy ,Yes
i want to be mutuals with you so bad unhappy ,Yes
Keep looking for the things I bought yesterday in my dream unhappy ,Yes
it hurts me to see him so sad unhappy  you don't understand i have to do this. if i don't kill you,Yes
 he'll kil ,No
i hate park jisung so much sad ,No
When your online crush comes to the meet-up without their Snapchat filter unhappy  ,Yes
I hate when my mom ask so you going or no? Bc then I want to stay home but i missed too much school already unhappy ,Yes
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KATRIKA  I miss you though unhappy  miss having you in our group and all haih  anyway,Yes
 have a blast okay. love you!,No
I miss my dogs too unhappy ,Yes
YG should have sent them to MCD. I want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways ,Yes
DIGITAL MONSTERS WANT TO WORK WITH BLACKPINK MAKE IT HAPPEN PLS unhappy  ,Yes
This is so me though ,No
i miss my boys unhappy  i have started working with my own local boys but they are very nervous college friends,Yes
we were classmates for alvarez but i don't really see you around school anymore unhappy ,Yes
ugh i miss my baby crying ,No
if anyone needs me I'll be on my vent unhappy ,Yes
why is it so hard for you to notice me? Haay unhappy ,Yes
i cant deathmatch you piss off unhappy ,Yes
When are you going to notice yous? unhappy ,Yes
And I miss my bedroom too unhappy ,Yes
please take all the rest you needwe love you so so much :(i hope you feel better soon sunshine! ,No
oh,No
 same unhappy ,Yes
I miss my baby unhappy  ,Yes
it's only been a few days since their promotion ended but i'm already missing her so much unhappy  ,Yes
i miss them unhappy ,Yes
i miss jihoon sad ,No
My only one cat yang manja sangat and now someone has took him unhappy  ,Yes
Not tired and there's nothing to do great combo unhappy ,Yes
And this tweet made me cry!! crying ,No
back to coconut hair unhappy ,Yes
Please return the jacket unhappy  ,Yes
who would you call when you are roused in midnightreminds me of the time(s) they were roommates unhappy  unhappy  unhappy YOU SUCK,Yes
I feel so bad,No
 and all the mobbing in Australia,No
 I just hope everything goes right from now on unhappy ,Yes
it's only been a few days since their promotion ended but i'm already missing her so much unhappy  ,Yes
hungry unhappy  but no time to buy food,Yes
How can I set an alarm for 9am and snooze it until 12 unhappy ,Yes
Sad story unhappy  ,Yes
Koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  ,Yes
Hey screenshot sainyo  . Hmm tumagal sana us . Stay what uu are . Im always here fr uu no matter what  . Luv uu so mats ,No
Looks awesome Annette,No
 but I can't make it unhappy  Thanks for the heads up though. Please take photos!,Yes
 narank 1 ako bcos of yoyou. can you please congratyoulate me even if its already late? unhappy  ,Yes
it can't be over unhappy ,Yes
RELATABLE unhappy ,Yes
how about me unhappy ,Yes
Offline  unhappy ,Yes
heeeeey notice me unhappy ,Yes
i want to hang out with them unhappy ,Yes
he was talking with the girl behind jin unhappy ,Yes
I need cheering up,No
 my dog who my family have had for 18 years is being put down tomorrow unhappy ,Yes
Molly  1. I wish I could have her hair unhappy  2. Cutest Michael girl  milly on the phone 3. HAIIIIIIR  and your lips 4. Friend5. Yes6. -,Yes
even me unhappy  *hugs*,Yes
I'm a building a LLVM backend so,No
 I really need to build it unhappy ,Yes
I can't access my school emails from any web browser unhappy  Yet I have so much homework for all my subjects on there,Yes
oh sad unhappy  goodluck!,Yes
Ouch Elena Eremina's foot slip,No
 that fall was a mess unhappy ,Yes
donny unhappy  ,Yes
you're so rude unhappy  ,Yes
oh my god same! we should attend on some lessons together sometime just kidding HAHAH ,No
Every time Meredith has flashbacks of Derek Shepherd I can't hold back the tears unhappy ,Yes
Whew! Can't asses myself unhappy ,Yes
But I no have round ass crying  ,Yes
unhappy  i saw somebody said his hair fell out and bighit trying to figure it out,Yes
koh,No
 tolong bantu sampaikan keluhan ARMYs ke dong. Too many complaint here and there since day 1 of ticketing unhappy ,Yes
I keep waking up in the middle of the night sick as shit. unhappy ,Yes
I cringed so hard :(That fall was such a shame- she had been looking really good until that point...,No
man its been about 2hrs since their vlive...its nearly over for sydney ppl... unhappy  goes so quick so appreciate every second!!,Yes
Hi Aled,No
 having no mobile signal sucks unhappy  What's the full postcode for where this is happening? We're keen to help SI,Yes
That sucks unhappy ,Yes
I'm rusty.. Haven't played this game since I was like 10. Just kept dying at that crocodile part crying  ,No
i really really need them right now unhappy ,Yes
Hey guys could you help me by retweeting this? I've heard was legitimate and I really need a VPN account rig,No
GOD NOT THE KOALAS ,No
Feeling bad unhappy  with 89 others,Yes
And this tweet made me cry!! crying ,No
I could write paragraphs about it xDShame its theoretically impossible in real life unhappy ,Yes
Thank you roshhh  i miss you and everyone too.  love youuu more ,No
Me too sweetie I know how you feel unhappy ,Yes
When your online crush comes to the meet-up without their Snapchat filter unhappy  ,Yes
.the person who chose shut the fuck up: unhappy ,Yes
sadly yes. since he was expected to continue losing support before dropping bombs unhappy  going up when expe ,Yes
i hope this little beaand is andot overworkiandg himself and gettiandg at least some rest unhappy  ,Yes
he could be whatever,No
 so? sad,No
But the dub is what I watch for Pokemon unhappy ,Yes
are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy   ,Yes
Youngjae during fansign on 04/10/17 constantly massaging his back. Clearly something wrong but pretended he was not,Yes
but... you use a purple flowercrown in your display picture unhappy ,Yes
i still cant unhappy ,Yes
well that's terrible unhappy ,Yes
Sorry piss off /3 unhappy ,Yes
I woke up at 4:17,No
 I'm a joke unhappy ,Yes
So right! Sir Rob loves to torture us unhappy ,Yes
My salary reminds me of the weekends,No
 I always know when it come but have no fucking clue how it goes unhappy  ,Yes
i feel so sick today unhappy ,Yes
I wish but I can't sad ,No
its my birthday tomorrow baby unhappy ,Yes
I'm slow unhappy  ,Yes
Super unhappy ,Yes
trashing others and having a possee behind you boosts your ego,No
 but not your career. unhappy ,Yes
I just finished gym,No
 had chopsuey before that unhappy  laughing my ass off humble feeds are always the bomb!,Yes
Still not possible! unhappy ,Yes
whaaaaaaaat!!! You and unhappy  ,Yes
You had loads of toys. All I had was a Sweep hand puppet AND the bastard lost its squeak! unhappy ,Yes
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca,No
I should do aegyo because I lost unhappy  ,Yes
Also please send prayers and sympathy because my favorite ball dress doesn't fit my boobs crying  ,No
I miss snsd. I miss my girls unhappy ,Yes
Being a parent is very challenging. If we cannot control ourselves we'll give the worst output to the children In other word,No
 Ngomel crying ,No
Jonny you and your poor legs make me so sad unhappy  hope you're okay,Yes
Hope he's ok,No
 poor mouse unhappy ,Yes
no its okay she survived : ,No
Yeah! My sight reading was pretty good in high school,No
 but I'm a bit rusty now! unhappy  ,Yes
Me to self: don't buy that.Also me: but I'm a furry unhappy  ,Yes
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca,No
i love youu so much unhappy  thank you,Yes
 and have fun ,No
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca,No
so upsetting the abuse these kids get unhappy   3 ,Yes
Oo crying  // Happy3YearsBraceUnited,No
exactly same in was thinking.. unhappy  ,Yes
I'm scared unhappy  I mean. Why the heck did I decide to do laundry at 7:30 pm? What is wrong with me. Did I mention how dark it is. FML,Yes
Sunnyside as well unhappy ,Yes
y'all want me to choke what'd I do? unhappy   ( ,Yes
They have a whole Japan tour ahead of them.. One that will be quite brutal on their already tired bodies. Boys unhappy ,Yes
 ahhh I'd be well chuffed,No
 didn't even get an easter egg this year! unhappy  xx,Yes
Can someone buy me a tasbih pls? I don't have one unhappy ,Yes
clay and hannah   - they were so in love they deserved to be endgame unhappy  ,Yes
please talk to me about nct instant message lonely i need to fangirl once in a while okay crying ,No
this is so sad what the fuck unhappy ,Yes
Please follow me . I have been trying to get your follow for a long time unhappy  . ,Yes
I really enjoyed horrizion zero dawn but no idea what to play next unhappy ,Yes
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca,No
No more good conversations here unhappy ,Yes
Annoyingly the spaces in the variable width version of the C64 font that's available on the internet are wi ,No
i don't like their songs after debyout younhappy  so i can syouggest yoyou jyoust one song i really love,Yes
 it's Adore you  ,No
Jackson unhappy  then Youngjae silence  aww,Yes
trop retard sad ,No
i'd rather be sailor uranus but chibiusa but if thats everyone says i am unhappy  rip,Yes
And you're right about McConnell as well. Unfortunately,No
 we seem to have sold our government some time ago. unhappy ,Yes
I wish my dogs knew how much I hyped them up on snap chat unhappy ,Yes
some people  you intensionly  they don%27t even they please someone unhappy  ,Yes
Very sad unhappy ,Yes
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca,No
The most painful goodbyes are the onesthat are never said and never explained crying  unhappy  :/,Yes
I miss BMF sad ,No
you're got to disappear half way too? unhappy  everybody want to being lazy eue,Yes
Oh sadly i wont watch her right now  they're forbid me to see her unhappy ,Yes
Koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  ,Yes
R.I.P cellphone unhappy ,Yes
and  on the pic? unhappy ,Yes
yeah unhappy ,Yes
don't miss you anymore unhappy ,Yes
okay what TF is this colorful starbucks thing all over social media unhappy ,Yes
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca,No
Well that's not good unhappy ,Yes
Oh boo,No
 mine isn't in my inbox unhappy ,Yes
Didn't keep it unhappy ,Yes
I only just absorbed that I'm not going to get to laugh when he gets 2000 votes. unhappy  ,Yes
Hi Ishwar! That's not the experience we want you to have unhappy  We will call you  for more details and sort it out! - Roshan,Yes
We All Know unhappy  ,Yes
I'll be as strong as I can but it's hard unhappy  xxx,Yes
I lost two streaks and it's from my two favorite people silence  unhappy  good night,Yes
I can relate to this so so much unhappy  ,Yes
Joy we should get him back  ,No
I can't do it all on my own. (See what I did there? ) ,No
and they'll brush it off lng telling others not applicable not applicableg-iinot applicablerte lng sila and that other had it worse than them. unhappy ,Yes
usually a speedboat behind any we get here on the river unhappy  ,Yes
Omg I see why you don't drink alcohol Haha so glad your having fun all you guys ! Wish I ,No
This happens ALL the time!  unhappy  ,Yes
0 motivation to study unhappy  ,Yes
happy birthday sweet sweet girl! i hope you have the best day ever! love and miss you so much unhappy   ,Yes
NMD R2's so ugly unhappy  ,Yes
my honey unhappy  ,Yes
philippines? unhappy  ,Yes
I want to but I wouldn't be able to get time off for it and don't know people in my year to go with unhappy  ,Yes
unhappy  friendzone. damn sad,Yes
I cried so much,No
 I was a mess. I went to bed feeling numb it was awful unhappy ,Yes
 [PLEASE RT] he'll buy me a blinking taehyung headband,Yes
 if i get 900 retweets and 900 likes. help me :(un,No
the email I was hoping I'd get today,No
 didn't arrive unhappy  here's hoping tomorrow it does,Yes
Haha mate its all good I love a debte I just wished the center ,No
wowwow these are all so cute unhappy  i wantt ,Yes
That sucks unhappy ,Yes
instant message getting sad unhappy ,Yes
wow unhappy  people are so mean  ,Yes
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca,No
talking to my over driver about where I'm goinghe said he'd love to go to New York too but since Trump it's probably not,No
I love them with all my hort unhappy  ,Yes
Golly gosh. This is simply dreadful What havoc must be wreaking subsurface? Black salve won't ,No
Autograph book at the ready,No
 no sign of Garry Barlow yet sad ,No
Thank you roshhh  i miss you and everyone too.  love youuu more ,No
please meeeee you have followed me for almost to  years now unhappy ,Yes
what happened unhappy ,Yes
True! Khilado kuch unhappy ,Yes
realized i havent eaten rice maghapon because i finished 3 packs of spicy seafood noodles + to  extra big chilimansi :(acid attack right now,No
Post-show blues are hitting hard. unhappy ,Yes
all ready for its poster - when my computer gets,No
good morning unhappy ,Yes
Wht sort of thing (can't use word person for it)can cause such suffering to ths sad ,No
i want to kiss his nose and tell him i love him sad ,No
i stayed 3 hours on the phone with aD my bubbyyyyyyy i miss her unhappy ,Yes
No girl unhappy  that's why. Wa ropiwa 1. Sandton is unnecessarily expensive2. Try salons in Braam.,Yes
I was actually looking forward to seeing if your theory around his personal vote was correct unhappy ,Yes
Who to bring to MB man unhappy ,Yes
I am sad to report that the robins egg my mom found in the yard after a storm has been taken off life support. Poor thing is too frozen unhappy ,Yes
Her back unhappy  ,Yes
slight buzy kasi besh unhappy  ,Yes
When you're late to work because you had to break the news to the lovely lady who cleans the house... crying together unhappy ,Yes
They stopped having them when they got rid of the toy surprises at the bottom unhappy ,Yes
tell me unhappy  why,Yes
i cant find my striped shirt unhappy  so instant message wearing the one that says what is your favorite thing? with lucas in the middle,Yes
Guys please help me retweet unhappy  ,Yes
there's always shit like this. there's always people who are less deserving getting tickets,Yes
 and winning giveaways etc unhappy ,Yes
truuuu!! si grim reaper and sunny huhu grabe love story nila unhappy ,Yes
I caught a cold. unhappy  It seems I've got tired than I expected....,Yes
Shameful,No
 shameful business :(Stop paying giant corporations for foods you just don't need.... wake up people plea ,No
I miss my baby unhappy ,Yes
HOLY SHIT! 40 pages script of the opening scene of Man Of Steel on Krypton got compressed.I wish I could at least,Yes
Late nights ,No
I face swapped a cat with a dog and it's really upsetting unhappy  ,Yes
failed unhappy  .g hehe,Yes
I miss my boo so much unhappy ,Yes
I need a car unhappy  but no car unhappy  poor me unhappy ,Yes
I wish i could attend it too unhappy ,Yes
ikr. I would have trauma if i ware him unhappy ,Yes
4/20 today,No
 but it wasn't lit at all unhappy ,Yes
why is life so unfair? unhappy ,Yes
The biblical lectures are coming. More notification soon. Tomorrow,No
 in fact. ,No
I'm so glad I don't care what people think anymore but I wish I still looked my best everyday like I used too sad  I just pick,No
MUZ U MORE,No
 SURE NO PROB. ILABYU TOO  ,No
Such a lucky slave i wish this was me unhappy ,Yes
instant message still hoping unhappy  ,Yes
fuck unhappy ,Yes
i tak ambik wedding package cause i is poor unhappy  i ambik aromaterapi massage je hajxjsjsj. Hehe see uuuu jwa ,Yes
Koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  ,Yes
unhappy  let's fight all those kids ,Yes
it's not cassandra cain. unhappy  not sure i want to watch batbuffy. batwoman would have been more interesting. ,Yes
Half of the time it doesn't load,No
 the other half of the time it crashes unhappy  It's embarassing when I' ,Yes
right i don%27t see how people can just do shit like this ,Yes
i miss hoseok unhappy  ,Yes
Left few months in HinHua ler unhappy  I need to gambateh wink  ,Yes
A fish killer going to be pressed younhappy  I the hoe of today you were a  GOOD person ,Yes
She loved Beth so much unhappy ,Yes
prince baekhyun.....throw me into the dungeon please i don't deserve to see your beautiful face unhappy ,Yes
They are family.  It's awful when they go.  Sorry to hear. unhappy ,Yes
I face swapped a cat with a dog and it's really upsetting unhappy  ,Yes
my honey unhappy  ,Yes
We all do unhappy  Pizza in Taiwan! Its like a swift,Yes
 flavorful dream ,No
Can't :(Tello,No
Swear I just walked past haha,No
 didn't get a chance to say hi unhappy ,Yes
I miss quacktopia! unhappy ,Yes
are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy   ,Yes
Goodnight I love these beautiful boys unhappy  ,Yes
Why no available in the U.K.? unhappy ,Yes
Ailes sure knew how to make a great network!  Fox is going downhill wi ,No
penge damit unhappy ,Yes
I'm sorry unhappy ,Yes
Koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  ,Yes
i'm hungry unhappy ,Yes
Finals are next week unhappy  wish me luck x,Yes
I miss Temperance Brennan and Seeley Booth so much unhappy ,Yes
I miss quacktopia! unhappy ,Yes
I said D2 largely because SD D2 doesn't run on newer versions of Mac OS and I miss playing it unhappy   HD woul ,Yes
follow mee plss unhappy  ,Yes
talking to my over driver about where I'm goinghe said he'd love to go to New York too but since Trump it's probably not,No
Babye old twitter unhappy ,Yes
congratyoulations Harry!!!!! Been with you since fifa 13!!!! Miss yoyour younboxing videos unhappy ,Yes
can't wait to see you in that film Karl! I wished you would be here were I'm bu,No
Cram reading unhappy ,Yes
I'm job searching and got none so:(ButHedonism i got in abundance,No
it's only been a few days since their promotion ended but i'm already missing her so much unhappy  ,Yes
Hello I am getting cyber bullied by do something about it unhappy ,Yes
Call center nice game 4/20 unhappy ,Yes
BES RIP  ,No
Follow me too unhappy  ,Yes
I'll be attending cosmic latte on saturday and i'll give these out to selu shippers KASI SELU MONTH QAQO unhappy  ,Yes
baby unhappy  ,Yes
I only just absorbed that I'm not going to get to laugh when he gets 2000 votes. unhappy  ,Yes
friendly fire to wings tour unhappy ,Yes
my back hurts sad ,No
Typed up all the medical  shorthand abbreviation we use for work,No
 and the dame computer decides to crash unhappy  now I... ,Yes
excuse me i don%27t see my nama unhappy ,Yes
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca,No
That's shocking and evil unhappy ,Yes
Zac farro is back By the way hehehe So sad Jeremy is not unhappy ,Yes
Maa ki kuss tumhari. Now take this bullshit you loser. ,Yes
I thought mountain dew in Australia had no caffeine and it was the little energy drink cans were caffeinated I will never sleep again unhappy ,Yes
i hope this little beaand is andot overworkiandg himself and gettiandg at least some rest unhappy  ,Yes
base unver ajalah MINAHAES unhappy ,Yes
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca,No
has someone contacted jelpi about the issue rn? unhappy ,Yes
arisun at town hall has pretty terrible service and rude staff. we only went there because ICG's fryer was broken unhappy ,Yes
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca,No
Powerpoint'te mi hazirladiniz post'u unhappy ,Yes
Yeah! My sight reading was pretty good in high school,No
 but I'm a bit rusty now! unhappy  ,Yes
only pure evil people unhappy ,Yes
poor baby unhappy  I hate people ,Yes
what a great thing to be sad about unhappy ,Yes
so my hair iand suandlight versus ando light but I waandt to chaandge it and I duandando if I waandt to go darker or bloandder sad  please help (po ,No
Hi Ashish! We tried to call your number but got no response unhappy  Please share another suitable time and an alternate.. cont1,Yes
Kante why do broke girls love exposing broke niggars so much? Where's the team spirit? unhappy ,Yes
But i want unhappy  that looks so yummy hehehe.,Yes
Don't think I'm pretty enough unhappy ,Yes
Koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  ,Yes
did some warm up sketches of some of my faves,No
  i was going to add bazza,No
 but i can't,No
i just want to wish marissa a happy birthday but she keeps ignoring me sad ,No
what's wrong with you why don't you like animals unhappy ,Yes
Someone build house on (4) i cant do it unhappy  cant believe this hasn't already been done????,Yes
tulips are my favorite unhappy  ,Yes
Omg I'm sad to say that I actually don't remember this! unhappy  when did this happen??,Yes
crying  We're getting VM soon wooo,No
unhappy  my 4c struggle is not valid?,Yes
77 ? Old Leyland,No
 love it unhappy ,Yes
only pure evil people unhappy ,Yes
sounds family ,No
this is jimin to yoongi unhappy  ,Yes
Chin up Leo crying  ,No
slight buzy kasi besh unhappy  ,Yes
Rip tes 100k experience  crying ,No
please reading this breaks my heart unhappy ,Yes
mager unhappy ,Yes
penge damit unhappy ,Yes
this is jimin to yoongi unhappy  ,Yes
Bapak Tom Cruise. ,No
I only just absorbed that I'm not going to get to laugh when he gets 2000 votes. unhappy  ,Yes
I just watched this kid from produce 101 who performed Chewing Gum omoo poor kid bless his soul unhappy ,Yes
Definitely my arms unhappy  ,Yes
My moms leaving today to go out of town and I already miss her unhappy ,Yes
I can't do it all on my own. (See what I did there? ) ,No
When your online crush comes to the meet-up without their Snapchat filter unhappy  ,Yes
and i would never forget about you!! ,No
fuckin' headache everyday unhappy ,Yes
Jyoust hyoug me,No
 hyoug me longer than 10 secs. Hyoug me even when i don%27t want you to unhappy ,Yes
the saddest part of my day everyday is when ryan has to leave at 5:30 am unhappy ,Yes
What did he say I'm at work unhappy  totally made my day though,Yes
jimin doesnt follow me yet unhappy ,Yes
I DON'T KNOW WHERE I WAS AT THIS TIME BUT I HAVE RETWEETED NOW AND I'VE BEEN WAITING THE DM FOR A LONG TIME unhappy ,Yes
need moodbooster juseyo unhappy  ,Yes
i miss you too unhappy ,Yes
Wth why did 4/20 have to happen during the Easter holidays it's one of the best days in Leeds unhappy ,Yes
hakyeon turns 27 soon oh my god no he's still a baby unhappy ,Yes
It's gray outside today unhappy ,Yes
I ordered car yesterday,No
 dealer said loads of cars were returning due to disabled losing them sad ,No
Gotta keep trying before i have to quit to work unhappy  pick me please! give ,Yes
Definitely my arms unhappy  ,Yes
I literally couldn't see a thing when they were at the back of the stage,No
 the girl in front of me was ,No
Definitely my arms unhappy  ,Yes
getting up this morning was a hassle unhappy ,Yes
My mom knows the struggle of this drystreak I'm on unhappy  ,Yes
Haven't played FM in a long time. I really should. unhappy ,Yes
Someone messed up unhappy  Available**,Yes
I miss my baby unhappy ,Yes
Yesterday's faci so cute! But he 30+ :(Today's faci is old eeyer,No
yes jenniessi? ,No
SO PRECIOUS I REALLY MISS HIM unhappy   ,Yes
Louis_Tomlinson follow me please? unhappy ,Yes
I WAITED FOR U unhappy ,Yes
That makes me sad. unhappy  I wasn't friends with her like you,Yes
 but I liked seeing her posts and love her wri ,No
I WAITED FOR YOU unhappy  ,Yes
U4v9rr I wish I had noted the gentleman's name unhappy  but if you find out who he is,Yes
 please do commend him. H ,No
I do it for 5/6 times a week leh sad  and yes closing is damn fuck opening so much better,Yes
no one is selling vhope banners what?  sad ,Yes
All my irls are coming at me because I meet the boys too much and I don't deserve any of it unhappy ,Yes
you might set the whole place on fire.  ,No
i'll try sad and yes i am unhappy ,Yes
Goodmorning!! My Parents are taking kids for lunch today- they are off school-Report Card! I'm wor ,No
yeah sad ,No
Streaming later in the day (night stream) since i have to go and take care of the internet contract,No
 sorry guys unhappy ,Yes
True unhappy ,Yes
help me too unhappy  as an early birthday gift huhu,Yes
Definitely my arms unhappy  ,Yes
Just please look at how scared and full of tence lauren's face is after tryin reaching camila's hand,No
 baby unhappy  (bett,Yes
aww eunji didnt see win today sad  but congratulations to winner !!!!,No
You can have mine and I'll take the iPhone. I'm switching back when my contract is up... in a year and a half unhappy ,Yes
i know.. i really want his ranks to rise a lot during tmr's episode but seeing how many tweet about him.. unhappy ,Yes
 Hitches Ride For Final unhappy  ,Yes
White genocide is not a thing. Its figment of your imagination. Youre a victim of nothing but disinformation. ,Yes
one direction (band)  whats going on unhappy ,Yes
Too bad i can't watch it unhappy  that cake is cute and looks delicious,Yes
Definitely my arms unhappy  ,Yes
give me my own AHN MINHYUK juseyoooo unhappy ,Yes
sorry unhappy  i just need sex for the time being,Yes
Definitely my arms unhappy  ,Yes
wants to say HI to you.,No
this is jimin to yoongi unhappy  ,Yes
It seems they cost abut 40k a year? I'm paying half that for my full education and don't get treat ,No
Definitely my arms unhappy  ,Yes
come to Miami sad  ,No
TW: S AssaultActually horrified how many friends of mine women I talk to have been sexually assaulted in past. Just found out another unhappy ,Yes
my heart unhappy  ,Yes
soph please don%27t win again unhappy   jk.. good luck i think you will draw a good poster,Yes
sad  I don't,No
 unfortunately,No
i really feel for that lamp unhappy ,Yes
sadly I'm not unhappy ,Yes
last kiss unhappy  ,Yes
WHY ARE YOU WHIMPER AT ME? ,No
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca,No
Been streaminuteg for 45 minute not understanding a thing and still.. unhappy ,Yes
Why is it so difficult for me to get at least a chance unhappy ,Yes
for some reason last.fm unlinks from spotify and i miss like a month of scrobbles before i notice unhappy ,Yes
only take season 9 off ,No
Definitely my arms unhappy  ,Yes
Definitely my arms unhappy  ,Yes
All of the park areas in Paris are marked as green on Google maps,No
 but in reality they're just patches of dusty dirt unhappy ,Yes
ill be at work just a second come on unhappy ,Yes
and he's still taking over a quarter of the billboard charts while x is,No
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca,No
Guys please help I tried to smoke some lettuce earlier but now my salad is ruined unhappy ,Yes
CAN SOMEONE PLS GIFT ME XAYAH USING PI PLSSSS? unhappy ,Yes
instant message still bored unhappy ,Yes
this is jimin to yoongi unhappy  ,Yes
My heart hurts. sad  I hate people ,No
can just see the edge creeping in unhappy  ,Yes
Its not organicthey'll shoehorn it inbut plot  character developmentMCU netflix has lesWhat support ,No
I suddenly miss you ate unhappy ,Yes
Biggest problem for paper books is storage unhappy ,Yes
i havent been this early to school since last semester unhappy ,Yes
Pierces like a bitch unhappy ,Yes
I think that's one of the hottest part of your body  ,No
wow this is amazing but i won't be in the country unhappy  ,Yes
Definitely my arms unhappy  ,Yes
i want harry's phonecase sad ,No
Work at 7 this morning unhappy ,Yes
jungkook looks like he gives the biggest and warmest hugs unhappy  ,Yes
Ah Baba no idea tori olorun. May I never be a victim of such case ,No
PSA: REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU ASK ARTISTS TO DRAW FOR YOU. I'd say the same thing for writers but apparently commissi ,No
I want to give him everything that makes him happy just to see this smile unhappy ,Yes
I miss Jamie boy and we're both sick unhappy ,Yes
what if the one direction (band)  itself is the one who's giving up? unhappy  ,Yes
damn ify ate unhappy ,Yes
Whaaattt ,No
don't rt to save a guy's life ,No
Nooo your hair color is pretty ,No
Koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  ,Yes
Definitely my arms unhappy  ,Yes
where's justin i miss him unhappy ,Yes
Someone should bring me breakfast to work unhappy ,Yes
Thats grim unhappy ,Yes
oh noooo baby unhappy ,Yes
I'm so tired unhappy ,Yes
I miss you Levi unhappy ,Yes
i left my headphones at home unhappy  kms,Yes
I wish I was meeting OA again unhappy ,Yes
A year ago today is the last time Sakho played for us unhappy ,Yes
they would have sustained their fame if they did unhappy ,Yes
I miss him unhappy  ,Yes
ich will ned unhappy ,Yes
When your online crush comes to the meet-up without their Snapchat filter unhappy  ,Yes
This is by far my worst day of 2017 since January 8th unhappy  crying  crying .,Yes
Note to self: Dont get to attached crying ,No
Mine hasn't been sending stuff unhappy ,Yes
Definitely my arms unhappy  ,Yes
Roc Boyz sad  ,No
i love you but I can%27t be arsed i don%27t know why people keep saying it unhappy ,Yes
No Celtics or Bruins today unhappy  At least Sale is pitching for the Sox,Yes
I honestly think that their just trying to get rid of me and make a mockery out of me in my Town because i just wont admit it. unhappy ,Yes
Nooo your hair color is pretty ,No
Aseek ,No
Bantay? unhappy ,Yes
Trying to get in touch with but their numbers appear to be down! unhappy ,Yes
Need your help guys crying  ,No
A fish killer going to be pressed younhappy  I the hoe of today you were a  GOOD person ,Yes
I need lessons to learn how to start conversations with people and keep chatting with them unhappy ,Yes
 Who hacked me unhappy ,Yes
Damn you both,No
 I won't be on till later! unhappy ,Yes
Lets hope a VIP does this good deed. I want to watch this too . They shouldn't have done thi ,No
sometimes at night i feel scared and vulnerable crying ,No
If you really want to dye it don't go lighter ,No
how come i didn't get a reminder email this month unhappy ,Yes
wowwow these are all so cute unhappy  i wantt ,Yes
 [PLEASE RT] he'll buy me a blinking taehyung headband,Yes
 if i get 900 retweets and 900 likes. help me :(un,No
younhappy  I'll keep it jyoust for you,Yes
Damn it isn't available here unhappy  ,Yes
it's $10 but also free postage. i wish the seller had yanan and yeo one too. unhappy ,Yes
Don kray denial of normal bi say ,No
Same unhappy  I've unfollowed so many people ugh,Yes
 it's such a negative pit of unhappiness,No
its ending soon aah unhappy ,Yes
Definitely my arms unhappy  ,Yes
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca,No
Faltan Russel  why Noodle unhappy ,Yes
yeah i am unhappy  thank you so much my angel ,Yes
i miss jihoon sad ,No
We lost: at Jacksonville,No
 2010 Week 11,No
 24-20 unhappy ,Yes
i hope this little beaand is andot overworkiandg himself and gettiandg at least some rest unhappy  ,Yes
Guess who's not getting a unicorn frappuccino because they're sold out unhappy ,Yes
what if the one direction (band)  itself is the one who's giving up? unhappy  ,Yes
come back callie  gabbie d ghost unhappy  i love you both,Yes
unhappy  oh man..,Yes
it kind of feels like a sunburight now right now sad  someone please make the nobby things on glasses not slip,Yes
Guess who's not getting a unicorn frappuccino because they're sold out unhappy ,Yes
Would really like it if the coandsole versioands and got the update to makr it like the Steam versioand. =(,No
Hi! We tried to call your number but got no response unhappy  Please share another suitable time and an alternate number.. cont1,Yes
Sooooo feels like a Friday today unhappy ,Yes
Definitely my arms unhappy  ,Yes
I miss talking to yoyoyou  who are yoyou younhappy  yoyou can always still talk to me ,Yes
This picture makes me sad unhappy  ,Yes
why can't dogs just live forever unhappy ,Yes
I understand that look sad ,No
my boyfriend mad cute unhappy ,Yes
i miss minmin crying ,No
good morning i had a nightmare and i'm still wondering why maddie hates me. this is only the beginning of the day unhappy ,Yes
pake unhappy ,Yes
I miss London already unhappy ,Yes
jyoustinbieber can you please follow me on daianeryoufato i've been trying for too long unhappy  i love you so much baby! xx (April 20,Yes
 2017 at 08:45AM),No
Deep scratch ;_;All the paint is gone  you see the bare metal. So it needs to be fixed to avoid getting a rusting car soon unhappy ,Yes
when will you go here in batangas? sad  ,No
I miss you more unhappy ,Yes
I only just absorbed that I'm not going to get to laugh when he gets 2000 votes. unhappy  ,Yes
this wasnt meant to sound ano sad ,No
this is damn.... theres people who sincerely want to attend BH birthday party but bcs of those people who try for fun make them ca,No
One year ago today unhappy  ,Yes
this song will always be one of my faves unhappy  ,Yes
talking to my over driver about where I'm goinghe said he'd love to go to New York too but since Trump it's probably not,No
fuck get me followers unhappy  my ratio is amazing,Yes
mom please stop making cookies,No
 they're like 90 calories per piece unhappy  ,Yes
I miss the 7/27 costumes unhappy ,Yes
why did she delete the tweet,No
 now I need a different pinned tweet unhappy  ,Yes
[thinks about how tfp soundwave is forever trapped in the void realm] unhappy ,Yes
You deserve better . Hope you'll be okay unhappy  ,Yes
mane has been amazing unhappy ,Yes
Dammit the effect of the linearts doesn't show so nicely on twitter unhappy ,Yes
but like HOW LONG IS A WHILE?! i didn't want him to be back but he puts me in such a good mood so i don't want him ,No
we can get pork katsudon at Tokyo Diner! Tho it doesn't have egg in it unhappy ,Yes
before anyone else we ass hole unhappy ,Yes
the anniversary of josh's death unhappy ,Yes
so sorry I havent been checking my tweets unhappy  We are all here for you!,Yes
Aww unhappy  I'm on Coeurl,Yes
Oh no unhappy ,Yes
I liked a video ,No
my puppies deserves all better unhappy  ,Yes
My husband has a family history with the mafia too but he doesn't know the stories sad ,Yes
WTF Canada 2017 and you are still in the 1700s. I Will Never support,No
 buy or do anything that supports Canada until,No
suuuuuuuuss scared crying ,No
One table last night told me I look like a graceful ballerina gliding through tables- then another told me I looked like a flash dancer unhappy ,Yes
seem I want to drop this account to wuhyungwon unhappy  ,Yes
Don't ask. Two special issues lined up. unhappy ,Yes
you got to rest,No
 man. : ( ,No
Does anyone have a 7 adapter or 7 earbuds i can borrow for the day? Left mine in my car unhappy ,Yes
I'm staying here in SA unhappy ,Yes
Preacher...... unhappy ,Yes
Umma why you do this crying ,No
I miss it already unhappy ,Yes
Well thanks for stoping by unhappy ,Yes
Why? You don't like blonde hair? unhappy ,Yes
3. That's a lot cheaper and easier than make your own. My schematic needs special cables that doesn't come easy. unhappy ,Yes
Pozuelo (formerly of Swans) and Suso (Liverpool now AC),No
 both look so so good at there current clubs. Shame they never cut it in the PL unhappy ,Yes
Gorbachev done  w/o fear. Thought bold enough to implement his vision on Damp Squib unhappy ,Yes
WUUT SERIOUSLY? ,No
Who got to pen today man crying ,No
As if this process hasn't been frustrating enough,No
 it's just got 3 years longer unhappy   ,Yes
Roc Boyz sad  ,No
Ravel Morrison unhappy  ,Yes
That is super scary unhappy ,Yes
Same. unhappy  I got a 12h stream coming up for my Bday in 8 hours. And I'm still not sleeping. ,Yes
talking to my over driver about where I'm goinghe said he'd love to go to New York too but since Trump it's probably not,No
Ps4 mate,No
 got to aksis 2nd part and have a CP for him but have never completed it since return on investment dropped laughing out loud unhappy ,Yes
we left it all unspoken,No
 we buried it alive and now it's screaming in my head crying ,No
DONT LAUGH unhappy  MEANIE BASE ,Yes
Sorry I didn't make it to the book drive yesterday couldn't get outta work unhappy ,Yes
yoongi come back unhappy ,Yes
NOOOO in here is 6.45 ;_; I have classes at that time unhappy ,Yes
YG should have sent them to MCD. I want to see them holding the trophy unhappy  anyways ,Yes
Call Duration: Before sex: 01:47:36 After sex: 00:00:19 crying ,No
this is jimin to yoongi unhappy  ,Yes
I'm all fucked up right now unhappy ,Yes
Definitely my arms unhappy  ,Yes
Last day of the camp tomorrow,No
 it's been so much fun and I absolutely love the kids!! Don't want it to be over so soon unhappy ,Yes
Koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  ,Yes
Think it would drive me mad once the synths and other robots turned up. unhappy ,Yes
now i don%27t want to go camp unhappy ,Yes
can I only pick one unhappy  ,Yes
But I'm lonely. unhappy ,Yes
Hi! We tried to call your number but got no response unhappy  Please share another suitable time and an alternate number for.. cont1,Yes
Miss my friends unhappy ,Yes
The one on the left? I couldn't see it unhappy ,Yes
not applicablengarag not applicable this unhappy  ill find more wonu pictures soon alxmdkcsnx ,Yes
please answer request.  unhappy ,Yes
Koalas are dying of thirst  and it's all because of us unhappy  ,Yes
most painful thing ever is having feelings for someone you can't be with .. unhappy ,Yes
No one is offering this poor old lady a seat unhappy ,Yes
lexxxxxy unhappy  youre too nice to me instant message really not eek  ,Yes
Why am I better at pen then pencil?dafaqcomonI just want to be a good drawer unhappy ,Yes
mayes unhappy  .g,Yes
Thanks for that! Little things like that really help when sleep starts hitting and you don't drink coffee or energy drinks unhappy ,Yes
i miss them already unhappy  ,Yes
Definitely my arms unhappy  ,Yes
oh my god what the heck i'm so sorry! this was one of my favorites as well unhappy ,Yes
Scout photobombed my bluebells photo sad  ,No
Crap. Hailie won't be there. She has a school game and won't make it to Middleburg in time unhappy ,Yes
Still NO sign - it's a very small area ( Gardens ) and it would be very obvious sad  quite a few eyes now ,No
 but no sign.,No
My knee is similar colour to leny Henry's unhappy ,Yes
Okey unhappy ,Yes
In so much pain. My eye hurts unhappy  ,Yes
Don't be buffalo unhappy ,Yes
It's hard to imagine anyone but Robin unhappy  but still exciting nonetheless,Yes
at least it's not 80 cad like here unhappy  (90 cad with Quebec taxes),Yes
Ye... I will miss you unhappy ,Yes
22 is old unhappy ,Yes
Rl? Serius? ,No
I feel so awful today unhappy  I don't want to go to my internship,Yes
So I may be one of those workers who are not properly compensated unhappy ,Yes
i love when people or message me w long messages about how beautiful they find joon like unhappy  yes i agree keep going,Yes
today hasn't been great unhappy  ,Yes
Used up a month's worth at Laugharne Weekend sad  (no wi-fi in small Carmarthenshire towns,No
 let alone for free!),No
Today is 4-20 which is Hitler's birthday unhappy  ,Yes
jungkook looks like he gives the biggest and warmest hugs unhappy  ,Yes
Youngjae looked so sad in the video unhappy ,Yes
babies unhappy  ,Yes
I'll check that out... I was excited about the backup singers but they were way too backup unhappy ,Yes
First round exit in 15 minutes followed by 45 of tech crying unhappy  ,Yes
my puppies deserves all better unhappy  ,Yes
resolve is sooo slow on my laptop,No
 i don't think i'll be ever to edit long videos here unhappy  i'll go try another editing software ,Yes
I hate throwing up  unhappy ,Yes
As Nani in lies unconscious,No
 never mind Khushi,No
 I know I'm not ready to say goodbye unhappy  So,Yes
 w,No
:^) hello ,No
He's not beating the two favourites here anyway so I'll stop caring about this match,Yes
 sob. unhappy ,Yes
I feel like the 'only environments disable people' argument actually excludes many disabled people ,No
this is jimin to yoongi unhappy  ,Yes
Baaaper unhappy  ,Yes
Roc Boyz sad  ,No
Roc Boyz sad  ,No
So,No
 last night I had a dream in which I moved to Japan and just so happened to see you! You denied my friendlies request. unhappy ,Yes
SO PRECIOUS I REALLY MISS HIM unhappy   ,Yes
Oh no unhappy  what are you like?!  Is it still in shops?,Yes
aando uandhappy  i googled it the other day to read the meandu agaiand and it said it was a hoax,No
Thank you unhappy  i need a certificate signed from God,Yes
Hi Mahima! We share your concern unhappy  Please DM us your contact details so that we can get in touch for a detailed.. cont1,Yes
talking about tattoos just makes me want my bb8 tattoo more and more but i'm so broke it makes me unhappy ,Yes
Never want to finish desperate housewives what will I do with my life unhappy ,Yes
Not surprised that I have the least amount of followers out of the whole cast sad  LOL,No
Dear attendees,No
 I'm very jealous of you all unhappy  Please go see 18:40 - Green Room on Sat! ,Yes
talking to my over driver about where I'm goinghe said he'd love to go to New York too but since Trump it's probably not,No
Ok will do! I never had any problems with the old ticket app,No
 the new one just seems a bit unstable unhappy ,Yes
We'd love to,No
 but customs mean we can't send food abroad unhappy  We do hope your other Birthday dreams come true,Yes
Pak PM survives removal scare,No
 but court orders further probe into corruption charge. ,No
Supreme Court quashes criminal complaint against cricketer for allegedly depicting himself as on magazine cover.,No
Art of Living's fights back over Yamuna floodplain damage,No
 livid. ,No
FCRA slap on NGO for lobbying...But was it doing so as part of govt campaign? ,No
Why doctors,No
 pharma companies are opposing names on ,No
Why a bicycle and not a CM asked. His officer learnt ground reality -- and  a dip in a river. ,No
It's 2017. making law to ban And MHA is sitting on draft. ,Yes
Rivals govts unite to act against sex-determination tests. ,No
Haryana peasants demand justice for right to cattle trade. ,No
Why schools in Calcutta (and elsewhere) are stunned by imposition plan. ,No
Why renamed places in ,No
Oooh! the shame,No
 the trauma... of driving without the red,No
 flashing light. (And paying for parking). ,No
Now have to learn to live without that flashing red light. ,No
BJP leaders in the dock,No
 lose their light,No
 naming game,No
 and more. Also in epaper. ,No
UK Parliament votes by 522 to 13 in favour of early national ,No
April 19 1906: Nobel Laureate Pierre Curie was run over by a horse-drawn wagon near the Pont Neuf,No
 Paris,No
 and killed ,Yes
India to end culture of sirens on cars. ,No
From May 1,No
 only on vehicles: Gadkari.,No
No from now on cars of PM,No
 ministers: transport minister Nitin Gadkari after Cabinet meet. ,No
44 feared killed as bus falls into River Tons in Nerwa area of district: police. ,Yes
BSF dismisses Constable Tej Bahadur Yadav from service after a court of inquiry. Bad quality food allegations were base,No
jawan Tej Bahadur Yadav,No
 who took to social media complaining of bad food,No
 dismissed from service after inquiry.,No
U.S. to review lifting of sanctions on Iran: Tillerson ,No
Huge haul of milk-boosting hormone in Calcutta. ,No
Good news from it seems are thriving at Valmiki reserve. ,No
In Sushil Modi lists property chain. ,No
3 queens take centrestage. ,No
A peek into FIR against leaders in case. ,No
Spurned by mom,No
 this baby at Calcutta has died. ,No
India may make it illegal for social messaging platforms to share personal data. ,No
Why extradition could take ages. ,No
March 20. Plus 15 days. Equals...,No
KP Nayar on why discrediting military justice system will not help case. ,No
Sharad wants Gujarat CM arrested for trying to push making meat a communal issue.  ,No
Man shouts at wife in family court. And walks out. ,No
Overburdened says it may not be able to hold for college teachers this year. ,No
President backs move to make mandatory up to Class X. ,Yes
Nationalist trend spreads-- tightens rules to shield local jobs (and keep out Indians). ,No
Visa 'selfie' by CBSE's plans,No
 blessing,No
 cloud over and more. Also in epaper. ,No
Scotland Yard arrests in London,No
 but court grants him bail. ,No
Liquor baron declared a proclaimed offender,No
 on extradition warrant: Scotland Yard.,No
British Prime Minister Theresa May says she wants to hold early election on June 8: Reuters,No
 quoting BBC ,No
Supreme Court seeks govt's response on a plea to frame national policy to promote and ,No
JK: Schools  colleges shut down after clashes,No
 demands Presidential rule ,No
Beetle from grips litchi crop in ,No
Supreme Court asks govt to explain why need pre-censorship.  ,No
US NSA H.R. to arrive in today; to hold talks with NSA ,No
Why you should shun water at beaches. ,No
Having lost Kerala bypoll,No
 won't have to keep its promise of 'good quality ,No
So,No
 is -- and not to blame for stipend crisis faced by 4000 scholars? ,No
The middleman (or conman) nephew tapped to bribe election commission officials. ,No
Can  Air India enforce fines on unruly passengers for ,Yes
Top law advisor backs use of human shield,No
 but some veteran generals see breach. ,No
Arrest of a conman and bribe charges against nephew churns politics. ,No
How cloaked debate in Draupadi's robes. ,No
Draupadi and campuses in erupt,No
 politics,No
 and more. Also in epaper. ,No
CBI books 12 leaders in case. ,No
Supreme Court summons boss,No
 orders sale of slice. ,No
SC summons Home Secretaries of West Bengal,No
 UP,No
 Karnataka,No
 Tamil Nadu,No
 Bihar  Jharkhand for nice try filling police vacancie,No
Manini Chatterjee on why writings are still an indictment of India. ,No
Why wants paper trail in elections. ,No
Govt to set up panel to study service conditions of paramilitary forces. ,No
Amit Roy on an potboiler.  ,No
Muslim body lays down code of conduct during divorce,No
 but won't ban ,Yes
Modi's call to ensure justice for women facing evil customs.  ,No
PM's pitch for sisters,No
 board's stand on an potboiler. And more. Also in epaper. ,No
Why the always meets this man when he visits eastern India. ,No
Secessionists in and the next generation. ,No
In 7Days: secessionists,No
 tete-a-tete with a former president,No
 a dying language,No
 and more. ,No
Farooq Abdullah wins seat -- with just 4% of total votes. ,No
No govt probe yet into video on by army. ,No
As learns to follow rules,No
 funds for poor students dry up. ,No
From panchayat to Parliament seems to be boss Amit Shah's goal. ,No
Why the PM may hang out,No
 but you should not. ,No
A PM who hangs out,No
 lotus garden dreams,No
 cash lock on JNU students and more. Also in epaper. ,No
7 coaches of Meerut-Lucknow Rajya Rani Express derail near Rampur,No
 Uttar Pradesh VIDEO: ,No
Counting of votes for to Lok Sabha constituency begins.,No
What Calcutta is doing to get mom to accept her calf. ,No
To stress dress code,No
 Mecca issues picture cards. ,No
Security on border put at risk by trade. ,No
With national body meeting,No
 readies stage for 2019. ,No
6 features of extended stay in ,No
BSP boss is not averse to joining forces with non-BJP parties. ,No
Army under fire after alleged tactic in  ,No
The untold love story of and Ayesha Mukherjee. ,No
Vile tactic in Valley,No
you are asshole,Yes
 a giraffe spurns its calf,No
 Gandhi  Champaran,No
 and more. Also in epaper. ,No
Man seen tied to army jeep in video from JK identified,No
 while the unit involved was PTI,No
 quoting officials,No
3 arrested in connection with of men on polling day in Budgam on April 9: Police.,No
Hijacked Indian Dhow Al-Kausar released ,No
Good show by pales next to 329% jump in imports. ,No
Transparency in Looking for India's ranking? Start at the bottom. ,No
How to stop (and loot) a express with just a coin. ,No
States rename roads to duck ban on but top court won't step in till after summer break. ,Yes
Research seats at hit again as regulator tightens rules for guides. ,Yes
How lost its deposit in Rajouri Garden stronghold. ,No
In Bengal Trinamool vote share goes up,No
 but surges to runner-up slot. ,No
3 men die trying to save friend from on  ,No
What results mean for others. ,No
Half full,No
 half empty for cloud over research,No
 breather for highway booze,No
 and more. Also in epaper. ,No
Setting up court at home,No
 Justice asks Chief Justice of India,No
 bench to appear before him. ,No
Dargah Trust volunteers in SC to clear in 908sq metre.,No
President clears for pieces of supporting legislation related to ,No
By-polls: retains Kanthi Dakshin,No
 retains assembly seat ,Yes
7% voter turnout in Kashmir's re-poll ,No
All you need to know about Election Commission's 'open challenge' to hack ,No
Foreign journalists in North Korea gather for 'big event' amid tensions ,No
Rehearsing for and more. In our Guwahati epaper. ,No
Cops dug out these to  healers who were buried alive for practising ,No
Bihar sets Rs25lakh fee for who skip after subsidised education. ,No
A visit to retracing trip. ,No
Why may not show in ,No
Did the Supreme Court chicken out while deciding on ,No
How (but not failed govt's birthplace test. ,No
10 years,No
 Rs 42 crore needed to repair damage to floodplain from event. ,No
Try hacking India's Election Commission challenges all. ,No
never wanted cows to become  a burden on farmers,No
 Pawar points out. ,No
Bounty on Savarkar on Yamuna damage bill,No
 Sita's birthplace,No
 and more. Also in epaper. ,No
20 IAS officers in including Principal Secretary Information Navneet Sehgal,No
 transferred in 1st major shuffle by ,No
Centre moves against Supreme Court verdict lifting shield. ,No
Crusader pleads for saving ,No
Sangh puts up show of strength in ,No
India,No
 to look beyond defence during visit. ,No
Murder of Pune activist fuels fears against revived UPA clause in law. ,No
In few tears for father of 3 killed by stones. ,Yes
Sukanta Chaudhuri on and what it means for Indian ,No
scraps pension yojana. Cycle tracks may also be broken,No
 say sources,No
Subir Bhaumik on why in should worry Calcutta,No
 Guwahati. ,No
Even benchmark for pro-poor leader seems to be ,No
How had offered India consular access to ,No
Pak terms for access,No
 model for Modi,No
 activist is killed,Yes
 and more. Also in epaper. ,No
Defence Partnership ,No
Preliminary enquiry by against Health Minister for alleged money laundering.,No
Menu at dinner: praise for And more praise. ,No
Why body will not pull up either or ,No
Chain of wrong drugs. No senior doctor to check. Then death. All this at Delhi.  ,No
What to  men said when cops found carcass in car boot... ,Yes
How bypoll was put off-- on ruling combine's request. ,No
Admission of defeat in Kashmir,No
 tougher road laws,No
 Leander and Mahesh get away,No
 and more. Also in epaper. ,No
PM and Australian PM at Temple ,No
Pak court sentences to death for spying. ,No
Lok Sabha adjourned for 3rd time till 1.50pm as Opposition uproar over leader Tarun Vijay's remarks continues. ,No
Cong forced to  adjournments in pre-noon session over alleged misuse of ED and CBI against opposition Chief Ministers.,No
The How and Why of (or,No
 how not to bore your friends). ,No
Few takers in for Mamata's Torsa plan. ,No
Govt mulls giving power to award to teachers. ,No
Some see hope in comments. ,No
Not  a girl reared by monkeys,No
 after all. ,No
Fewer Pollution,No
 paddy fields could be to blame. ,No
8 killed in election violence,Yes
 record low turnout. ,No
Road safety crusader to fight bid to bypass order on highway ,Yes
Badly equipped surgery,No
 panic and deaths. At India's top hospital. ,No
Killed in deaths in not girl after all. And more. Also in epaper. ,Yes
Indian Navy Ships respond to Piracy Attack on Foreign Merchant Vessel in Gulf of Aden ,No
All you need to know about 2017 across eight states VIDEO: ,No
3 killed,Yes
 several injured as mobs storm polling booths; Low 3.3 % turnout till 11 am ,No
Mukul Kesavan on how  justifies even though it controls the machinery of the state. ,No
We,No
 the People of are going back to a economy,No
 numbers show. ,No
No supporting any activity that is violent...against the law: Ram Madhav.  ,No
India has changed,No
 the has to re-invent itself,No
 Ram Madhav tells ,No
3 quaint digs for those on a budget (or even less). ,No
full interview inside in 7 Days. ,No
Calcutta's suddenly cannot have enough of mother's dishes --but outsourced from outlets. ,No
There is no barometer for patriotism,No
 Ram Madhav tells in a wide-ranging interview. ,No
In 7 Days: QA with Ram Madhav,No
 road to economy,No
 home-cooked food,No
 and more. ,No
A to tackle less wheat,No
 mangoes,No
 chicken; more pulses,No
 veggies,No
 mutton,No
Govt to go after militants with 'utmost harshness',No
 Ram Madhav tells ,No
5640 is less than 155 in world,No
 as she opts for over ,No
Modi promises early deal. But... ,No
Modi takes plunge,No
 Raje's Stock-home syndrome,No
 strategy,No
 and more. Also in epaper. ,No
Andhra govt to turn a into a museum. ,No
for private airlines follow in revoking flying ban on Sena's ,Yes
Man arrested over truck deaths suspected to have carried out attack.,No
22 agreements signed,No
 but water pact remains elusive for India,No
Vijayvargiya dares to arrest leaders. ,No
Theme village on or a sanctuary? ,No
Reservoirs to financial deal,No
 works on options to get backing on ,No
Sunanda K Datta-Ray on why political ethos must be faulted for the racist attacks on students. ,No
How lawmaker ticked 3 boxes: supremacist,No
 upper-caste,No
 Hindi-belt party. ,No
Modi's gesture for BJP's spot,No
 Air India lifts no-fly ban on MP,Yes
 and more. Also in epaper. ,No
In stone-pelters miss Mehbooba's brother but he gets the message. ,No
A tale of to  prime ministers,No
 told by GST. ,No
Modi had tested waters with letter to on ,No
As lands in Delhi,No
 an untold story of how Pranab Mukherjee nixed plan to unseat her. ,No
Close shave for passengers of and planes at Delhi airport. ,Yes
What Sushma forgot in racism sermon: Modi,No
 MMS too had cried racism while Oz was probing Indian attacks  ,No
Supreme Court asks 6 states to explain why vigilantes should not be banned. ,Yes
Perfectly happy with the players we've got,No
 Sanjiv Goenka tells ,No
Bengal in a fix over bars: pay for repairs,No
 or let take a hit? ,Yes
How sword-wielding processions left gaping. ,No
5 kids orphaned: their parents were branded and hacked to death. ,No
Air India to tighten security at Mumbai  Pune as threatens to stall airline's operations there. ,No
RBI keeps policy rate unchanged at 6.25%.,No
Sena's apologises in Parliament,No
 but won't say sorry to man he had assaulted. ,Yes
China lodges protest with India's Ambassador in Vijay Gokhale over the visit to Arunachal Pradesh: Foreign Ministry.,Yes
No Change in word limit in RTI queries; no application will be rejected only on the ground of containing more than 500,No
KP Nayar on why Narendra Modi can be satisfied with his policy. ,No
In court's limit of 500m leaves very few watering holes (and is dry). ,No
Voting pattern shows cofounder,No
 wife were split over COO ,No
What did for some stretches of highways (to save bars?). ,No
Riddle over 'formerly' tag on collection. ,No
Mystery over art,No
  roads,No
 what 500m is in And more. Also in epaper. ,No
Trump repeals Obama-era broadband rules. ,Yes
High Court orders govt to waive of all drought-hit farmers. ,Yes
India's old ties with should continue to be nurtured,No
 says Kanwal Sibal. ,No
Bengal looks at ways to change classification of to bypass order. ,Yes
After SC ban,Yes
 worries about unsold stocks. ,No
UP: to hold his 1st cabinet meeting today,No
 big decisions expected,No
Trump signs repeal of U.S. broadband privacy rules ,Yes
A initiative helps generate shield in Sundarbans. ,Yes
India plans to deport refugees. ,No
Education rankings throw up surprises. ,No
After attacks,No
 envoys upset by silence of and ,No
Why African envoys are upset,No
 best colleges and varsities,No
 ill-fitting dentures,No
 and more. Also in epaper. ,No
To know about the safety features of watch special interview with Dr. Ajay Bhushan Pandey,No
 CEO today at 7,No
Mohandas Pai backs Murthy against COO pay hike. ,No
Somali grab Indian with 11 crew members. ,No
Corrected. Thanks.,No
Poll data show still rules the roost in ,No
BIG STORY: African envoys slam Indian govt for not condemning Gr Noida attack enough; say no visible,No
 sufficient measures,No
MCD polls: releases second list of 127 candidates,No
Daddy dearest,No
 grooming season dawns in Madhya Pradesh ,No
SC to hear petition challenging Bombay HC order on beef ban,Yes
Keeping an eye on your house,No
 fixing iPhone storage issues and more. in ,No
Why India is not ready for manipulation in human embryos. ,No
Virulent are going against India's culture (and census),No
 says Manini Chatterjee. ,No
Son of chief minister reveals his political ambition. ,No
Why should only private doctors face punishment? ,Yes
How is going against the wave of transparency in ,No
India's opaque law,No
  Bengal wishlist,No
 virulent and more. Also in epaper. ,No
The timeline. ,No
diary items  ,No
What do religious have against atheists and ,No
At Balagarh in the dying art of ,No
Generation to generation,No
 indignation remains well-fed,No
 writes Sonia Sarkar. ,No
A few reasons to celebrate the uncelebrated,No
 and sing the song of the sullied. ,No
In UP,No
 carcasses found at home of govt doctor into drugs. ,Yes
In 7 Days: Kashmiri indignation,No
 Begum Jaan,No
 vanishing boatmakers,No
 and more. Also in epaper. ,No
What happened to restaurants along highways after ban on bars. ,Yes
Flutter at trial raises fresh scare about accuracy. ,No
Bypassing highway ban,Yes
 trial raises rigging fears,No
 killers to hang,Yes
 and more. Also in epaper. ,No
Why Sena lawmakers are opposing harsher steps for those assaulting public servants. ,Yes
Delhi Police has arrested MD Ajay Chandra for not developing a project despite getting funds from investors. ,No
ED finds leader Chhagan Bhujbal's connection with shell companies after conducting raids in and ,No
convoy attacked on Parimpora-Panthachowk bypass in Police,Yes
These are things that will get cheaper  costlier for you from April 1 ,No
Saha's preference: One-dayers  T20s ,No
Ram Guha on what he finds outstanding about Shivshankar Menon's book Choices. ,No
How theatre festival got muffled. ,No
In case for costs NGO a contract for soup kitchens. ,No
How to win friends and influence people. With cows. ,No
For first time in 3 decades,No
 rate falls below 8%. ,No
Scientists build case for against bites,No
 contact. ,No
India's Supreme Court shuts highway booze hatch. ,No
How became a avenger with no mercy. ,No
Gujarat turns avenger,No
 prices slashed,No
 case for bat and more. Also in epaper. ,No
8 core sectors slow down to 1% in Feb 2017 against 9.4% in Feb 2016. ,No
Govt cuts rates on schemes marginally. ,No
Two Indians kidnapped in South Sudan released,No
Justice faces Supreme Court,No
 gets for weeks to reply in case. ,No
India using to tackle insurgents. ,No
India readies $5bn credit line for as backup. ,No
No relief yet for sellers in ,No
In new TV channel's bedroom journalism on trial. ,No
India rushes to put out fire. ,No
7 Indian to scrap tags for handbaggage. ,No
Supreme Court may hear key cases during summer break. ,No
Apex court puts work first,No
 hotel fire in Calcutta,No
 bedroom journalism on trial,No
 and more. Also in epaper. ,No
NGT punches holes in Delhi fuel supply chain with ban on old tankers.  ,Yes
Z-plus cover for Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister ,No
Not a single idea from Opposition on clean says ,No
Make in built in Westward ho! for Calcutta estate. Read ,No
No stamping  tagging of fliers' hand baggage at 7 major from April 1. ,No
52 injured as Jabalpur-Delhi train derails near half train carries on after delay. ,No
Latest attacks on African students threaten India's most intense diplomatic outreach to continent ,No
The first group of locals came forward yesterday with cakes and cards for african victims of racist mob violence ,No
WHO in drive to check errors. ,No
UGC extends funding scheme for ,No
Eight coaches of derail near station in Uttar Pradesh,No
 nine injured: CPRO North Central Railway.,No
SC to hear various petitions on the Constitutional legitimacy of today ,No
When protestors in began trying to rescue trapped ,No
Did just bring into the sharing issue? ,No
to  days to sell 96000 trucks  buses,No
 670000 bikes,No
 16000 cars and 40000 autos.  ,No
824000 new vehicles trashed,No
 home truths,No
 Dhaka talks Chinese and more. Also in epaper. ,No
Music legend will receive his diploma and medal in Stockholm in the next few days,No
An inspiration in all aspects: Fashion,No
 fitness,No
 beauty and personality. :)KISSES TheFashionIcon,No
Apka Apna Awam Ka Channel Frankline Tv Aam Admi Production Please Visit Or Likes  Share :)Fb Page :...,No
Beautiful album from  the greatest unsung guitar genius of our time - and I've met the great backstage,No
Good luck to Rich riding for great project in this Sunday. Can you donate?,No
Omg he... kissed... him crying with joy,No
happy anniv ming and papi!!!!! love love happy,No
thanks happy,No
C'mon Tweeps,No
 Join  vote for the singer! Do spread the word. :D,No
Thanks for the great review! smile,No
Yay another art raffle! Everything you need to know is in the picture :D,No
Hello I hope you visit Luxor its amazing city in Egypt pleas check,No
We got a Vive tracker in the office and our intern,No
 went to work.Don't get too excited,No
 this isn't,No
Take a look at favourites.io You can do this and more happy,No
Go back to school for music! I think I will in time happy,No
Sixth spot not applicable Team! Higher pa! :)KISSES TheFashionIcon,No
thanks for being top influencers in my community last week happy,No
Share the love: thanks for being top new followers this week happy  Want this?,No
retweet this tweet if you want your to be included in the nhc scrapbook!! i'll be making something out of all of the usern,No
Happy 420 happy  pass it to your followers!,Yes
Who wants some good vibes? Watch this on YouTube or TV100 application now for FREE happy,No
Great to work with you too such a lovely place! Thank you for havin,No
Nothing is ever as it seems. What looks bad today,No
 will be a blessing tomorrow happy  Keep your faith stirred up each day!,No
Mmmmmmmm love naughty wives smile,No
You deserve a vacation happy,No
Never known how hard it is until last to  days how to resist temptation to enter politics debates on social media happy  stood firm so far,No
Some summer salad inspiration for the BBQ smile,No
Hey thanks for being top new followers this week! Much appreciated happy  Want this ?,No
you should post this offer on this website happy,No
thanks for being top new followers - have a great week happy,No
I prefer it to sharm - enjoy it happy  Gouna 20km away is also quite nice - honestly anywhere away from crazy cairo is,No
Sixth spot not applicable Team! Higher pa! :)KISSES TheFashionIcon,No
Hey thanks for being top new followers this week! Much appreciated happy,No
thanks for the recent follow. Much appreciated happy,No
Thanks Lala.. Much needed happy,No
Thanks for connecting We are passionate about  - hope you like our tweets happy,Yes
hey,No
 keep smiling happy,No
Said it yesterday... happy,No
We love that our bloggers love us so much happy  Thank you for such an amazing review The Perfect Glasses h,Yes
only way to make sense of those crazy edge cases is the idea of sharing revenue was offensive,No
 rather,No
Gentle reminder on our TP guidelines happy  please read and spread. Thank you. happy KISSES TheFashionIcon,No
keep being you,No
 cheeky :D,No
smile  So true. For someone who was being recognised for her contribution to fashion,No
 she might have dressed a bit better.,No
sounds like a lot of fun :D I like it,No
Oh,No
 Jin was spotted at Everland today. Nice to see them having a break after the US tour happy,No
There was nothing religious in it. is calling out sexism. I don't think I need to spell out my stand,No
Go back to school for music! I think I will in time happy,No
Theres only one thing I want to change about you . Your Last Name happy  ALDUBOnly,No
welcome brother  happy,No
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.,No
SONE who cant stream at Genie!You CAN stream for TY at Genie! We are still sharing some Genie IDs. If you want it,No
 DM us happy  S,No
Spending time with dogs or other animals is great at helping you to relax and de-stress. Great idea happy,No
My new video for happy  I hope you like ithappy,No
Got This interview poppin happy  $$$$$,No
Love your tweetability! We'd like to reach out to with an opportunity! Could you hit us with your email happy,Yes
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.,No
uss,No
 I'll DM you half naked pictures happy,No
Evet happy,No
Well,No
 I hope it doesn't last too long and you at least get to enjoy the weekend. And happy birthday again happy,No
Excited about event next week in Bangalore!  come happy,Yes
Want to win a pet chick happy  Simply follow  retweet for your chance to win! Winners will be selected Sunday 23rd. Go,No
Top retweeters this week,No
 Thank you happy,No
dope!! that's a cool word. finally down with the hip young millenial memers smile,No
2nd Cousin Vlad !!!!! maybe thats a message from the Hockey G,No
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. (Want this?,No
Earlier happy,No
Just win at weekend and it will be a late gift,No
 ok? :D,No
we finally got jinyoung to wipe it for jaebum himself but their precious son blocks it for the world to witness it,No
Here is question 18! Make sure to use in all your tweets  replies happy,No
And this credit also goes to Ik happy,No
My other accounts:them both or get rekt! :D,No
Hey thanks for being top new followers this week! Much appreciated happy,No
Les videre happy,No
clauditte,No
my friend is such an egg,No
congratulations David! Well done Mrs V! Welcome Jessica! happy,No
have you tried these new hacks?! **TRYING DUMB LIFE HACKS 17**,No
Keep tweeting team. Higher! Thank you for the efforts. :)KISSES TheFashionIcon,No
here are some very happy boys to brighten up your day happy,No
A huge thank you to all the within the Social Work  Care Sectors! Keep up the great work happy,No
Lunchtime with Flinthook! This game has so much personality :D,No
Ministers of PMLN are happy like those students who never studied for exams  luckily exams got delayed. They'll still ha,No
:D When mom is a bit tired,No
What we did after the climax shot happy,No
Miss Petite happy Thursday happy   looking forward to the weekend?,No
rt  quote with your name for a calligraphy of it happy  i'll try my best to make it pretty!! non mutuals/mutuals (ifb) fl,No
mutual: let's talk more!me: for sure!mutual:  happy  me:,No
I got TH will add sim ant as a possible thanks happy,No
If you want a friend in Washington,No
 get a dog. :D,No
Congrats Winner :D and it's Eyounji you did well my girl,No
Did you notice? There is no killings of RSS / BJP workers in another Southern State? CM is dismantling Xtian infra in Munnar?,Yes
Hi please rt my pinned post happy,No
The video will definitely be a 30 minute episode if not longer.,No
I would love to win these gorgeous nail polishes :D! Aren't they cute,No
Jae celebrating with Sheena Easton after the triumphant opening night of 42nd Street in the West End! happy,No
Happy belated birthday :)Another duet of you and Amaal is much needed,No
Your titties are fantastic. Kissy Kissy,No
Pls RT[NCT FIC] Love Song,No
Goodevening happy,No
Ministers of PMLN are happy like those students who never studied for exams  luckily exams got delayed. They'll still ha,No
Thanks for the retweets this week. Much appreciated happy   Want this,No
=Thumbnail UHC= This is my best render ever :Dand Favs are appreciated brosOpinios ?,No
Thanks again for notifying us! We have updated our add-on plans accordingly happy,No
Very cool! happy  surrounds you for a full recovery.,No
A nice morning working from today. Lovely atmosphere,No
 friendly service,No
 wifi,No
 comforting London fog.,No
I just did happy,No
Have a great day everyone happy,No
Kiera's Quest: Awakenings (Kiera's Quest  Book 1),No
Have you voted for The Wolf's Bite on Greenlight yet? happy  help us get Wolfie  Pigs on Steam!,No
Go back to school for music! I think I will in time happy,No
Here is a new thesis by another genius.Sir,No
 we loved to have reply by you. :D Now get lost .,No
your birthday isn't for another for hours for me,No
 but happy birthday hoe! have a good day,No
 i love you i guess happy,No
Its hard to see your best friend with another girl happy,No
The offer still going happy,No
If you can't be there for someone at their worst then you don't deserve to be there at their best :)KISSES TheFashionIcon,No
Demit the gocoh game is real crying with joy,No
Found use for the sewable LED holder happy,No
Select from 14 award-winning Laura Taylor romance ebooks,No
So excited for the things coming in the future happy  things are going great,No
you guys are entertaining and insightful... and one of the reasons i have been really enjoying LPL a lot more this season :D,No
Thats how it sounds like at superbooth happy,No
i want to learn the choreo but my ugly body says no crying with joy,No
Share the love you're top engaged community members this week! Much Appreciated happy,No
Hi Kylie,No
 looking forward to you visiting! You've picked a great day too,No
 the sun is shining happy,No
Ok. Just please read the replies on this....,No
THIS RIGHT HERE.aren't you happy you don't have [x]???NO. BECAUSE I'M STILL HERE IN THIS 'CONDITION' WITH NO I,No
To all FLA members and officers who are going to Cebu tomorrow silence  Godbless piss off mga ante and angkol!  happy,No
for every like ill post an answer smile,No
Maybe not a band but we can definitely collab! Hi my name is Philip  happy,Yes
LEGO_Group: LegoThursdays JokerSquad_SWG LEGOLANDWindsor Sounds like you had lots of fun! happy,No
a friend who would like a BRAND NEW Strapback hats only 14.99 at,No
yes you had smile,No
mata_tytan: almightyTANNER: good evening everyone happy  join our twitter party tonight. official tagline:TANN,No
First attempts of bird photography. :-)Passer domesticus. How surprising. wink,Yes
People who don%27t know me always think I am quiet. People who do know me. wish I was :)KISSES TheFashionIcon,No
Love you too P!,No
RT: good evening everyone happy  join our twitter party tonight. official tagline:TANNER WelcomeBackPH TMI,No
oh yes happy,No
Hey Robert Rolih thanks for the follow! What does coastal living mean to you? Reply with photo :D,No
Have you ever been to AUSTRALIA! :D Love your vids. Lovo on youtube :D,No
OPENING UP TO YOU LOT!RT LIKES WOULD BE LAAAAAVERLY :D .xxENJOY,No
In other words they never missed articles happy,No
IF THE BELOW TWEET HITS 1000 IS GETTING RIAN HOLDING THE STICKER TOO!!! Click the below tweet  SM,Yes
Bill Nye Answers Science Questions From Twitter | WIRED,No
How are you doing today? happy,No
We're ready for our next fire lighting session at - we have a few keen early birds here already smile,No
Go Kisses!!...  I know you can do it..,No
If this gets 70rts I will giveaway 5 minecraft accounts and an origin account randomly to people who retw,No
Hi Mr. Yen! Will you be doing any signings in New York some day? Your a great role model happy,No
it's just a cut during one of my kitchen experiments happy,No
Wow i just made a JS compressor that actually checks scoped variables existing. Turns out i have a few issues happy  Linters may be useful happy,No
This week Marilyn pops by and get's down and dirty  happy  Cum see!,No
loool i'm mad avoid me today :D,No
You're welcome Thomas happy  Kim,No
 Look at this happy,No
He didn't play for a year,No
 so I'm super impressed he's got his musical mojo back! Thank you so much happy,No
Watch this MayWard Fam!,No
I was thinking the same. Our i know is so cute happy,No
SONE who cant stream at Genie!You CAN stream for TY at Genie! We are still sharing some Genie IDs. If you want it,No
 DM us happy  S,No
Mythbuster/20 happy,No
Aha it's okay  she's going to be on Rough Night happy,No
Company photoshoot with our fabulous photographer happy  Look at this determination (concrete shoes) to get,No
Perfect,No
 this worked out beautifully. If you redesign the import page to suit the whole application would mak,No
Hey,No
 have a great day today happy,No
Come volunteer at The Abbeydale Picture House! Next Wednesday...,No
Should have had Farnell Fursday isn%27t it happy  all meet up at Tax and Pounds happy,No
Here's one of my rolls of 'Poundland' film! (A store that sells all products at 140.) And here's the DX d,No
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.,No
thanks :D,No
Love them! Can I get some? smile,No
OPENING UP TO YOU LOT!RT LIKES WOULD BE LAAAAAVERLY :D .xxENJOY,No
Spending my night talking to my beloved ???Perfect.I LOVE YOU MAN! happy,No
.Is the winner of the donation giveaway,No
 answer this with yoyour steam trade link and ill send you right away :D,No
for the recent follow. Much appreciated happy  Want this?,No
I think I'm probably beyond repair by the sounds of tea etiquette happy,No
.- layout- btob happy,No
i am if you're still looking for one happy,No
Sydney tomorrow,No
 Byron in 3 weeks,No
 Hobart in 7 weeks. Lots to look forward to happy,No
I hit that,Yes
 new job starts in to  weeks! :D,No
Why do people on the internet have to be such asses annoyance  Here's some positivity for you. I love your art!!! :D It's so pretty!!,Yes
The best community gathering coming up! We're full,No
 but here's how you can be a part of this happy,No
mutual: let's talk more!me: for sure!mutual:  happy  me:,No
Happy birthday Megan happy,No
Just wandering around,No
 popping into a store,No
 owner told me about it (as in article) smile,No
Did you see this one? happy  Transitional Piece // Chiffon Dress,No
Sixth spot not applicable Team! Higher pa! :)KISSES TheFashionIcon,No
Thank you crew happy,No
a little video i made for the love of my life,No
What is the biggest obstacle to world peace at this moment?,No
".@wesley83 I have a 3G iPhone. After 3 hrs tweeting at #RISE_Austin, it was dead!  I need to upgrade. Plugin stations at #SXSW.",No
"@jessedee Know about @fludapp ? Awesome iPad/iPhone app that you'll likely appreciate for its design. Also, they're giving free Ts at #SXSW",No
@swonderlin Can not wait for #iPad 2 also. They should sale them down at #SXSW.,No
@sxsw I hope this year's festival isn't as crashy as this year's iPhone app. #sxsw,No
"@sxtxstate great stuff on Fri #SXSW: Marissa Mayer (Google), Tim O'Reilly (tech books/conferences) &amp; Matt Mullenweg (Wordpress)",No
@teachntech00 New iPad Apps For #SpeechTherapy And Communication Are Showcased At The #SXSW Conference http://ht.ly/49n4M #iear #edchat #asd,No
"#SXSW is just starting, #CTIA is around the corner and #googleio is only a hop skip and a jump from there, good time to be an #android fan",No
Beautifully smart and simple idea RT @madebymany @thenextweb wrote about our #hollergram iPad app for #sxsw! http://bit.ly/ieaVOB,No
Counting down the days to #sxsw plus strong Canadian dollar means stock up on Apple gear,No
Excited to meet the @samsungmobileus at #sxsw so I can show them my Sprint Galaxy S still running Android 2.1.   #fail,No
Find &amp; Start Impromptu Parties at #SXSW With @HurricaneParty http://bit.ly/gVLrIn I can't wait til the Android app comes out.,No
"Foursquare ups the game, just in time for #SXSW http://j.mp/grN7pK) - Still prefer @Gowalla by far, best looking Android app to date.",No
Gotta love this #SXSW Google Calendar featuring top parties/ show cases to check out.  RT @hamsandwich via @ischafer =&gt;http://bit.ly/aXZwxB,No
Great #sxsw ipad app from @madebymany: http://tinyurl.com/4nqv92l,No
"haha, awesomely rad iPad app by @madebymany http://bit.ly/hTdFim #hollergram #sxsw",No
Holler Gram for iPad on the iTunes App Store -  http://t.co/kfN3f5Q (via @marc_is_ken) #sxsw,No
I just noticed DST is coming this weekend. How many iPhone users will be an hour late at SXSW come Sunday morning? #SXSW #iPhone,No
"Just added my #SXSW flights to @planely. Matching people on planes/airports. Also downloaded the @KLM iPhone app, nicely done.",No
Must have #SXSW app! RT @malbonster: Lovely review from Forbes for our SXSW iPad app Holler Gram - http://t.co/g4GZypV,No
Need to buy an iPad2 while I'm in Austin at #sxsw. Not sure if I'll need to Q up at an Austin Apple store?,No
"Oh. My. God. The #SXSW app for iPad is pure, unadulterated awesome. It's easier to browse events on iPad than on the website!!!",No
"Okay, this is really it: yay new @Foursquare for #Android app!!!!11 kthxbai. #sxsw",No
"Photo: Just installed the #SXSW iPhone app, which is really nice! http://tumblr.com/x6t1pi6av7",No
Really enjoying the changes in Gowalla 3.0 for Android! Looking forward to seeing what else they &amp; Foursquare have up their sleeves at #SXSW,No
"RT @LaurieShook: I'm looking forward to the #SMCDallas pre #SXSW party Wed., and hoping I'll win an #iPad resulting from my shameless promotion.  #ChevySMC",No
"RT haha, awesomely rad iPad app by @madebymany http://bit.ly/hTdFim #hollergram #sxsw (via @michaelpiliero)",No
"someone started an #austin @PartnerHub group in google groups, pre-#sxsw. great idea",No
The new #4sq3 looks like it is going to rock. Update for iPhone and Android should push tonight http://bit.ly/etsbZk #SXSW #KeepAustinWeird,No
"They were right, the @gowalla 3 app on #android is sweeeeet! Nice job by the team there. #sxsw",No
Very smart from @madebymany #hollergram iPad app for #sxsw! http://t.co/A3xvWc6 (may leave my vuvuzela at home now),No
You must have this app for your iPad if you are going to #SXSW http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/holler-gram/id420666439?mt=8 #hollergram,No
"Attn: All  #SXSW frineds, @mention Register for #GDGTLive  and see Cobra iRadar for Android. {link}",No
Anyone at  #sxsw want to sell their old iPad?,No
Anyone at  #SXSW who bought the new iPad want to sell their older iPad to me?,No
"At #sxsw.  Oooh. RT @mention Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link}",No
The best!  RT @mention Ha! First in line for #ipad2 at #sxsw &quot;pop-up&quot; Apple store was an event planner #eventprofs #pcma #engage365,No
SPIN Play - a new concept in music discovery for your iPad from @mention &amp; spin.com {link} #iTunes #sxsw @mention,No
@mention  - False Alarm: Google Circles Not Coming Now???and Probably Not Ever? - {link} #Google #Circles #Social #SXSW,No
VatorNews - Google And Apple Force Print Media to Evolve? {link} #sxsw,No
@mention  - Great weather to greet you for #sxsw! Still need a sweater at night..Apple putting up &quot;flash store&quot; downtown to sell iPad2,No
"HootSuite - HootSuite Mobile for #SXSW ~ Updates for iPhone, BlackBerry &amp; Android: Whether you??re getting friend... {link}",No
Hey #SXSW - How long do you think it takes us to make an iPhone case? answer @mention using #zazzlesxsw and we??ll make you one!,No
Mashable! - The iPad 2 Takes Over SXSW [VIDEO] #ipad #sxsw #gadgets {link},No
For I-Pad ?RT @mention New #UberSocial for #iPhone now in the App Store includes UberGuide to #SXSW sponsored by ... {link},No
#IPad2 's ???#SmartCover?? Opens to Instant Access - I should have waited to get one! - {link} #apple #SXSW,No
Hand-Held ???Hobo??: Drafthouse launches ???Hobo With a Shotgun?? iPhone app #SXSW {link},No
HOORAY RT ???@mention Apple Is Opening A Pop-Up Store In Austin For #SXSW | @mention {link},No
Orly....? ???@mention Google set to launch new social network #Circles today at #sxsw??,No
wooooo!!! ???@mention Apple store downtown Austin open til Midnight. #sxsw??,No
Khoi Vinh (@mention says Conde Nast's headlong rush into iPad publishing was a &quot;fundamental misunderstanding&quot; of the platform #sxsw,No
"???@mention {link} &lt;-- HELP ME FORWARD THIS DOC to all Anonymous accounts, techies,&amp; ppl who can help us JAM #libya #SXSW",No
??? WHAT? ??_ {link} ??_ #edchat #musedchat #sxsw #sxswi #classical #newTwitter,Yes
".@mention @mention on the location-based 'fast, fun and future' - {link} (via @mention #sxsw",No
???@mention @mention #Google Will Connect the Digital &amp; Physical Worlds Through Mobile - {link} #sxsw?? @mention,No
???@mention @mention talking about {link} - Google's effort to allow users to have open systems #bettercloud #sxsw??,No
"{link} RT @mention &quot;Google before you tweet&quot; is the new &quot;think before you speak.&quot; - Mark Belinsky, #911tweets panel at #SXSW.",No
{link} RT @mention 1st stop on the #SXSW #Chaos &amp; @mention hunt: Austin Java. Get in the spy game 4 a chance 2 win an iPad!,No
{link} RT @mention Those at #SXSW check out the Holler Gram ipad app from @mention  {link},No
@mention  @mention &amp;  @mention having fun at #google [pic] #SXSW {link},No
&quot;via @mention : {link} Guy Kawasaki talks 'Enchanted' at SXSW - HE knows his stuff! #books #internet #Apple #sxsw  &quot;,No
"#futuremf @mention {link} spec for recipes on the web, now in google search: {link}  #sxsw",No
#OMFG! RT @mention Heard about Apple's pop-up store in downtown Austin? Pics are already on Gowalla: {link} #sxsw #iPad2,No
"#Smile RT @mention I think Apple's &quot;pop-up store&quot; in Austin would be a lot more interesting if it actually, you know... popped up #sxsw",No
Again? RT @mention Line at the Apple store is insane.. #sxsw,No
Agree. RT @mention Wait. FIONA APPLE is in town??? Somebody kidnap her and put her in a recording studio until she records a new album. #sxsw,No
At #sxsw? @mention / @mention wanna buy you a drink. 7pm at Fado on 4th. {link} Join us!,No
attending @mention iPad design headaches #sxsw {link},No
"Boooo! RT @mention Flipboard is developing an iPhone version, not Android, says @mention #sxsw",No
Check out @mention @mention &amp; @mention in line for their iPad 2 in Austin. Power to them! #sxswi #SXSW  {link},No
Check! RT @mention giving added value to location based services needs to battle check-in fatigue #google #pnid #sxsw,No
Chilcott: @mention #SXSW stand talking with Blogger staff. Too late to win competition for best tweet mentioning @mention So no t-shirt.,No
"Do it. RT @mention Come party w/ Google tonight at #sxsw! {link} - Bands, food, art, ice cream, nifty interactive maps!",Yes
Gowalla's @mention promises to launch Foursquare check-in + Groupon rewards-type service at #SXSW. Finger's crossed. {link},No
"Ha.ha. RT @mention #SXSW News: Yahoo.com is loosing search traffic to new site, Google.com. Doubt it will last tho w/ that weird name.",No
Holla! RT @mention At google party. Best ever! Get your butt over here. #sxsw,No
I love my @mention iPhone case from #Sxsw but I can't get my phone out of it #fail,No
I worship @mention {link} #SXSW,No
"iPad2? RT @mention Droid &amp; Mac here :) RT @mention My #agnerd confession, using laptop, iPad &amp; blackberry to follow #SXSW",No
"Launching @mention #SxSW? RT @mention @mention Denies Social Network Called Circles Will Debut Today, Despite Report {link}",No
New Post: @mention iPhone app makes it easy to connect on all social networks with people you meet  {link} #sxsw,No
Nice that @mention iPhone app is behaving today. Crashes yesterday were ridiculous. #sxsw,No
Nice!  RT @mention Apple opening popup store for iPad launch in downtown Austin during #SXSW {link} via @mention,No
"Nice!! RT @mention Hey, Apple fans! Get a peek at the space that's slated to be a pop-up #SXSW Apple Store tomorrow: {link}",No
"one thing @mention is doing so great is get a great, down to earth face to Google as a company - You can only love her #sxsw #sxwsi",No
Stay tune @mention showcase #H4ckers {link} #SXSW,No
Thank you @mention @mention for the #touchingstories preso #SXSW . Here's their deck {link},No
Thank you @mention for an awesome #sxsw party! {link},No
"Thanks RT @mention If you're trying to contact friends or family in #Japan, @mention has created a person finder: {link} #SXSW",No
Thanks to @mention for her mention of our new #Speech iPad apps being showcased at the #SXSW Conf. {link} #sxswh #sxsh,No
Thanks to @mention for publishing the news of @mention new medical Apps at the #sxswi conf. blog {link} #sxsw #sxswh,No
Thanks to @mention for publishing the news of our new medical Apps in the #sxswi conf. blog {link} #sxsw #sxswh #mhealth,No
What !?!? @mention  #SXSW does not provide iPhone chargers?!?  I've changed my mind about going next year!,No
Wonder if @mention &amp; @mention will be in the apple flashmob: tcrn.ch/fcs45j #SXSW #ipad2,No
Wonder if @mention is putting tips from the @mention API... #SxSW #SUxSW,No
"XMAS!! RT @mention Shiny new @mention @mention @mention apps, a new @garyvee book, pop-up iPad 2 stores... #SXSW is Christmas for nerds.",No
Yai!!! RT @mention New #UberSocial for #iPhone now in the App Store includes UberGuide to #SXSW sponsored by (cont) {link},No
"Yes!!! RT @mention hey @mention , i've got another gem for you --&gt; free @mention sxsw {link} #SXSW",No
"Fast, Fun &amp; Future: @mention of Google presenting at #sxsw on search, local and mobile",No
GSD&amp;M &amp; Google's Industry Party Tonight @mention - See u there! {link} #SXSW #Austin #Welivehere #GSDM,No
"New buzz? &quot;@mention Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} rt @mention #sxsw&quot;",No
Headline: &quot;#iPad 2 is the Must-Have Gadget at #SXSW&quot; Hmm... I could have seen that one coming! {link} #gadget,No
???@mention &quot;Apple has opened a pop-up store in Austin so the nerds in town for #SXSW can get their new iPads. {link} #wow,No
Know that &quot;dataviz&quot; translates to &quot;satanic&quot; on an iPhone. I'm just sayin'. #sxsw,No
".@mention &quot;Google launched checkins a month ago.&quot; Check ins are ok, but CHECK OUTS are the future. #sxsw #Bizzy",No
".@mention &quot;Google launched checkins a month ago.&quot; Check ins are ok, but CHECK OUTS are the future. #sxsw #Bizzy (via @mention",No
"???@mention &quot;Google before you tweet&quot; is the new &quot;think before you speak.&quot; - Mark Belinsky, #911tweets panel at #SXSW.??",No
"Attending &quot;left brain search = Google, Right brain search = X&quot;  #Bettersearch  -- talking about the future of search engines at #sxsw",No
#HP opens &quot;Mobile Park&quot;  &amp; Content Incubator at #SXSW  {link}   #Apple  constructs  &quot;pop-up&quot; store  {link},No
"Kawasaki: &quot;Not C.S. Lewis level reasoning, but Apple's continued existence is evidence for the existence of God&quot; #bawling #sxsw",No
Kawasaki: &quot;pagemaker saved Apple.&quot; Oh those were the days. #sxsw #jwtatl #enchantment,No
Kawasaki: &quot;pagemaker saved Apple.&quot; Oh those were the days. #sxsw #jwtatl #enchantment  via @mention,No
Spark for #android is up for a #teamandroid award at #SXSW read about it here: {link},No
"Unboxing. #Apple #sxsw  @mention Apple Store, SXSW {link}",No
"#SXSW and #Apple iPad 2's are great, but thoughts are w/ Japan and APAC regions dealing w/ earthquake &amp; tsunami trauma. #sxswi",No
"At #SXSW, #Apple schools the #marketing experts | SXSW - CNET Blogs {link}",No
"At #SXSW, #Apple schools the marketing experts - {link}",No
"At #SXSW, #Apple schools the marketing experts {link}",No
"Temporary #apple store is def not a tent, it's a powerhouse gym #SXSW  {link}",No
"Temporary #Apple store on 6th and Congress for #sxsw, along with 10,000 very happy hipsters.",No
???@mention #Apple wins #SXSW {link} Opening a temporary store in downtown Austin to support #iPad2 launch - That is good.,No
#iPad and #Austin are trending today. Have fun at #sxsw all you nerdy nerds!!!,No
"Headed to #Austin for #SXSW? Check out my map for newbies {link} @mention @mention , @mention @mention Enjoy!",No
Funny how #Austin is trending but not #SXSW. Only a matter of minutes at this point (at least according to Twitter for iPhone).,No
Christian #iPad #iPhone devs I want to talk to u at #sxsw or after -maybe we can wk together on cool app! @mention me,No
#sxsw #ux #ipad #uxdes remember to ultimately be aware of the audience your app is targeted towards. An unexpected experience can be good.,No
The Apple #iPAD2  has taken #SxSW and #Austin by storm.. {link}  @mention excited to a be a part #mobile,No
I can haz #iPad2 ifrom #SxSW Gr8 {link},No
"Stacks of #ipad2's waiting to be bought at #sxsw. I got mine, no hassle at all. Apple handled this perfectly {link}",Yes
"#Google's #Mobile Future, and the Elusive 'Power of Here' - {link} (via @mention #eurorscg #sxsw #sxswi",No
"For those #notatSXSW (or at #SXSW), here's {link} Free to download and meet nearby peps",No
Does your #SmallBiz need reviews to play on Google Places...We got an App for that..{link}  #seo #sxsw,No
Does your #SmallBiz need reviews to play on Google Places...We got an App for that..{link} #seo #sxsw,No
"#Samsung, #Sony follow #Apple, #HP lead @mention {link} #Austin #atx #SXSW",No
"#Samsung, #Sony follow #Apple, #HP lead @mention {link} #Austin #atx #SXSW /via @mention ^rg",No
"Take that #SXSW ! RT @mention Major South Korean director gets $130,000 to make a movie entirely with his iPhone. {link}",No
"Beautiful #sxsw (@mention Apple Store, SXSW) [pic]: {link}",No
Q1 Was at #sxsw #sxswi for prep. Amazing pre push locally. Focus on location based. Google owns 10% of the regions billboards. #pr20chat,No
Any other #Sxsw accounts I need to follow or apps to download for iPhone?,No
Headed to #sxsw and want to share/gather contact info? {link} can turn your iphone into a business card broadcaster.,No
Headed to #sxsw and want to share/gather contact info? {link} can turn your iphone into a... {link},No
BTW - The #sxsw Apple store is sold out of all 3G models (VZW &amp; AT&amp;T).,No
Must have #SXSW app! RT @mention Lovely review from Forbes for our SXSW iPad app Holler Gram - {link},No
Temporary #sxsw apple store. Apple being sneaky as usual  {link},No
Anyone at #sxsw been by the pop-up Apple store in Austin? That's gotta be a hopping place today.,No
???@mention #sxsw beta testing interactive book for iPad app by Moonbot studios out of Louisiana.  Cool app.??,No
Apple won #SxSW from day one. Seeing a TON of #iPad2,No
#fastball #sxsw Giving away two NEW Ipad2 wifi 32g black Apple cover tweet @mention fo more info #sxswi #attsxsw  Tonight @mention bo.lt house,No
Anyone at #sxsw had a chance to check out the pop-up Apple store? Wondering if it is worth the trek from the convention center...,No
???@mention #sxsw ipad store sold out of everything except 64gig wifi only white?? @mention Did you manage to get yours?,Yes
???@mention #sxsw ipad store sold out of everything except 64gig wifi only white?? also known as the white jeans configuration.,Yes
Offered a #sxsw ipad promo to ninjafinder users and fans who are not here at #sxsw. Sucks to not be here. #sxsw,No
@mention  #SXSW is an Austin conference. Do a google search - they have interactive / music / film.,No
Anyone at #sxsw know if apple will be (or is) selling ipad 2 there?,No
Anyone at #SXSW know if the apple store has had a new shipment of iPads yet?,No
Marc Ecko #SXSW launches #iPhone app. to autodial political change! {link} #edreform #edtech #eduVC #FightThePaddle,No
#POURsite #SXSW learning about the life-changing impact of the iPad on real people's actual lives - bravo!,No
@mention  #SXSW LonelyPlanet Austin guide for #iPhone is free for a limited time {link} #lp #travel,No
"More free #SXSW mp3 downloads, this time from iTunes: {link}",No
Anyone at #sxsw or heading to aclu event seen owt to do with google circles then?,No
@mention  #SXSW prompt for memory: go to Google map and describe a childhood walk,No
The Apple #SXSW store still has iPad 2's and short lines.,No
Essential #sxsw tools: {link},No
"Just left #sxsw tradeshow demo of @mention at the Google Theatre. Ok, I get it. I see why all the presenters here are using it.",No
"Following #sxsw Tweets on Google Realtime, four platforms on Tweet Deck and listening to panel, realizing I'm spoken to no one here today.",No
Anyone at #sxsw want an iPad 2? I'm in line and will pick one up for someone willing to pay me 50 for me to grab 1 for you?,No
Anyone at #sxsw want to make a quick hundred dollars? New #ipad2 from ad hoc apple store here gets hundred plus cost!,No
Solving a #SXSW-induced iPhone-in-toilet crisis at Apple Store with @mention (not my crisis for once),No
"Monday at #sxsw: barry diller, new york times, congress lunch, W Hotel party, Google party, six dirty martinis. How mondays should be.",No
Attending #sxsw? Austin Guide by @mention is now free to download on iTunes - {link} #lp,No
"Seriously #sxsw? Did you do any testing on the mobile apps? Constant iPad crashes causing lost schedules, and no sync for WP7.",No
Ready for #SXSW?! Here are some iPhone apps 2 make ur blogging easier | {link} #SXSW #SXSWi,No
ipad2 and #sxsw...a conflagration of doofusness.  {link},No
attention #sxsw'ers - {link} - rumored pop-up temporary Apple store for all your #sxsw iPad 2 launch needs.,No
I went to #sxswi and all I won was this lousy #iPad #sxsw :-) :-) {link},No
Hey #sxsw #sxswi folks. If you want to learn about security come over to #bsidesaustin {link},No
Attending #SXSWi? Work in iPhone / iPad game development? Looking to hire an Austin-based iOS developer? I'm your man. Let's talk. #SXSW,No
This is a #WINNING picture #android #google #sxsw {link},No
GSD&amp;M + Google 7-10. RT @mention What's the best party to hit tonight? #sxsw @mention @mention,Yes
GSD&amp;M + Google Industry Party #SXSW @mention great to meet you  {link},No
"You spent $1,000+ to come to SXSW. 

You've already used iPad 1. 

The wait is a couple city blocks. 

Why? #ipad2 #SXSW {link}",No
#sxsw day 1 - Marissa Mayer: Google Will Connect the Digital &amp; Physical Worlds Through Mobile {link},No
Behind on 100s of emails? Give them all 1 line iPhone composed replies. #SXSW #protip,No
It's like 10pm at night and there is a line around the block at the popup apple stores selling iPad2s. #sxsw,No
.@mention 1154 free songs from #SXSW (this year alone!) {link},No
more than 150 million mobile users for Google Maps for Mobile #SXSW,No
Currently 150 people in line at the &quot;Pop Up Apple Store&quot; #sxsw,No
"Only iPad 2 available at #sxsw is the 64GB wifi-only model at $699, plus the optional (not!) leather smart cover at $69",No
??? We love 2 entertain you??_Please don??t be grateful! ??_ {link} ??_ #edchat #musedchat #sxsw #sxswi #classical #newTwitter,Yes
Less than 2 hours until we announce the details on the iPad 2 giveaway! #SXSW #SXSWi,No
"I'm up to 2 iPad 2s seen in the wild. Both people say it is fast, but the still pics are terrible. #sxsw",No
(The iPad 2 queue at #sxsw of course,No
The #iPad 2 Takes Over #SXSW [VIDEO] /by @mention {link},No
many iPad 2's snapping away at the keynote slides! #sxsw,No
Apple has 200M users' credit cards sync'd with iTunes for one click purchase. . #winning #sxsw,Yes
Having my 2nd cocktail &quot;Texas Snowflake&quot;  ( @mention google it!!) at the #CNNGrill #SxSw,No
New Post: 3 iPhone Apps We'll Be Using at South By Southwest Interactive {link} #SXSW #SXSWi,No
New Post: 3 iPhone Apps We'll Be Using at South By Southwest Interactive #SXSW #SXSWi {link},No
sweet new 3-d google maps demo going on in ballroom D #SXSW,No
More than 35 million miles per day are driving with Google Maps Navigation! #SXSW,No
rt ' It's 4 p.m. and the #iPad2 line at the Apple store is longer and wider ??? about 250 people! Only one more hour. ' #sxsw,No
"U = smart 4 packing an extra :) RT @mention On my way to sunny Austin for #sxsw! Extra iPhone in stow, just in case. @mention @mention",No
"Wonder if 4sqwill attempt to block GoWalla cross-checkins, the way Facebook blocked Google's contacts connections.  #sxsw #lbsWars",No
#SXSW day 5 at the #apple store and there's still a line...and growing {link},No
"Check out 5 Steps to Bulletproof UX Strategy at SXSW
{link} #SXSW #rhjr_ux5  {link}",No
"Wandering 6th street with the girls. Stopped for ceviche, mojitos, apple juice &amp; ice cream. #sxsw",No
"If you're a band at #SXSW and want to share a track with your Audience from stage, use FrostWire for Android if there's Wi-Fi available",Yes
We've got a busy week ahead: Our new book on #Google Apps will be available on Amazon &amp; we're attending #SXSW,No
"I believe a few went to Aussies at #sxsw RT @mention iPad 2 Sold Out, 70% Went to New Buyers [REPORT] - {link}",No
???@mention A Google Spreadsheet of over 270 parties at #SXSW this year O_O {link} @mention Plan on going to #SXSW Party on,No
"There was a guy in line for Apple's pop-up store on Sixth Street in Austin. &quot;I'm that guy,&quot; he told me. #sxsw",No
if u have a iPhone you don't need a car'-use zimride etc to share rides #sxsw #shareable,No
"I've seen a lot of tablets here, every single one of them is an iPad. #SXSW",No
Receiving a lot of @mention messages telling me I'm sexy in response to my post looking to meet fellow Christian iPhone devs at #sxsw,No
Picked up a Mophie battery case 4 my iPhone in prep for #SXSW. Not lugging around a laptop &amp; only using my phone was a huge win last year.,No
"Now thats a NEWS :P RT@mention Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw",No
"Just took a piss at the trade show, iPad in one hand, iPhone in the other. Pissing. I am KIIIIIILLING it right now. #sxsw",No
"Not to be a rumor monger, but this was a good read ?_ #Google #Circles preview @mention #sxsw {link} by @mention via @mention #socbiz #fb",No
HOBO WITH A SHOTGUN iPhone game {link} #sxsw,No
Hobo with A Shotgun video game coming to iPad/iPhone users?! Yes please! {link} #SXSW,No
build out a store in less than 24 hours and have one of the biggest launches in this company's history?  we got this.  #apple #sxsw #ipad2,No
Just took a survey on iPhone while in Starbucks line. Got a free Starbucks gift card. Instant research. Instant gratification. #sxsw #gsdm,No
Apple has a temporary Retail Store in Austin for the iPad 2 release today. Opens at 5pm. #SXSW #SXSWi #ipad2,No
Just read about #GroupMe at #SXSW...sounds like an incredible app. Is it available for Android phones yet?,No
Wondering about Circles? &gt; Google to reveal a new social network at #SXSW {link},No
"google is about search, but local' marissa mayer #sxsw",No
Wondering about street closures during SXSW? We made a Google Map to show you: {link} #sxsw #austin,No
Is Google about to have another go at social with &quot;Google Circles&quot;? #sxsw #google,No
Questions about what's inside the iPad 2? Fire them my way. #sxsw,No
Paraormal activity: Sanctuary iphone game. Sketching your AR experience. Interactivity through &quot;magic lense&quot; #EduAR #sxsw,No
Apple IIe ad in the '85 SI swimsuit issue at a garage sale #sxsw {link},No
Flipboard Adds Instagram Photos and Social Search [Apps] {link} #Apple #SocialSearch #SXSW,No
Spent the aftrnoon on a frozen lake photographing my brother Scott &amp; the @mention team. Catch them at #SXSW ths weeknd.  {link},No
"If iPhone alarms botch the timechange, how many #SXSW'ers freak? Late to flights, missed panels, behind on bloody marys...",No
Shouts to all the ladies holding up their iPad 2's at free #sxsw shows to take photos while sipping free beer. /cc: @mention,No
"Dj hoodie allen, with all due respect, you should probably make your way back to google #sxsw",No
I meant I also wish I  at #SXSW #dyac stupid iPhone!,No
"Just what America needs. RT @mention Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw",No
Audioboo: American Dream or Bust {link} #iPad #sxsw #bum #begger #us #socialart #Documentally,No
Skifta is an app-based media shifting service that turns your Android phone into a ...  #sxsw #mashable #sxswi {link},No
Rumors of an Apple store opening for #SXSW at 6th &amp; Congress. All signs point to yes! {link},No
What does an Apple security guy after he locks up the store..... #sxsw - {link},No
What does an Apple security guy after he locks up the store..... #sxsw - The Realtime SXSW S... {link} curated by @mention,No
How I got an iPad 2 during #SXSW!  {link} cc @mention,No
picked up an ipad 2 at the #sxsw pop up  apple store! only 15 minute wait!,No
Brilliant and enlightening game mechanics presentation by @mention from Google #SXSW,No
GSD&amp;M and Google.....sitting in a tree {link} #sxsw #gsdm,No
@mention  and here's a pic of you winning your ipad! #unsix #sxsw cc @mention @mention  {link} (cont) {link},No
My iPhone and I are both VERY thirsty! #sxsw (@mention Chevy Volt Lounge w/ 16 others) {link},No
My iPhone and I are both VERY thirsty! #sxsw (@mention Chevy Volt Lounge w/ 16 others) {link} {link},No
"I came in and left #sxsw with my iPhone playing the same song, chosen at random: Skream's Listening to the Records on my wall. Appropriate.",No
marketing and sales GENIUS: {link} #Apple #SXSW,No
"Arduino + android = Flaming skulls  {link} Refrigerator Speaks , Salon K, 3:30pm @mention @mention #sxsw #smartthings",No
Reminder: Android and Chrome TTS talk @mention 1 PM today!  {link}  #sxsw,No
iPad 2 vs Android vs The World : Panel at #SXSW today 3:30PM by @mention {link},No
"Backupify Announces CloudSight Search, the First Searchable Archive Solution for Social Media and Google Apps #SXSW #SXSWi {link}",No
Google is announcing a social network &quot;Circles&quot; (via #SXSW tweets). Interesting. Myopia will cause Buzz jokes. But this is interesting.,No
"Do I need any more for #sxsw! ipad, iphone, laptop, dictaphone, vid.camera.... Wow! Love to  meet the REAL 'cerebellum' charged people:)",No
Did u see anything on Google's Circles at the #sxsw? @mention @mention,No
The #SXSW app for my iPhone is ridiculous. It's my personal planner for the next 5 days.,No
Our #sxsw app is now on #android :D huge props to @mention @mention @mention &amp; @mention Get it now: {link},No
"Found the app kyping my iPhone's geolocation &amp; not releasing when in background. Need a patch, @mention #batterykiller #SXSW",Yes
the #SXSW app on the iPhone is live. RSVP for events from your phone &amp; check out sundayswagger.eventbrite.com 3/20 #scoremore,No
My iPhone app screen for #sxsw what am I missing?   {link},No
Love this app! So awesome. RT @mention Must see #android app at #sxsw &quot;Bizzy&quot; {link},No
The #SXSW Apple &quot;pop-up&quot; store was nuts. Was still packed at 11:30. {link},No
Say what? Apple #sxsw popup store in Austin! {link} ~@mention @mention,No
"BREAKING: Apple announces partnership w/porn industry for new #ipad2 video chat app called, &quot;O-FaceTime&quot;. #sxsw",No
Of course Apple built a temp store in Austin. It's Texas. They understand the concept of corralling cattle #SXSW #PickMeUpAniPad2,No
Love that Apple didn't let something like not having a retail store near #SXSW keep them away by opening a pop-up store {link},No
Surprise! Apple has opened a pop-up store in Austin so that the nerds in town for #SXSW can get their new ... {link} #Cnet,No
Surprise! Apple has opened a pop-up store in Austin so that the nerds in town for #SXSW can get their new iPads. {link} #cnet,No
Surprise! Apple has opened a pop-up store in Austin so that the nerds in town for #SXSW can get their new iPads. http:/ {link},No
Surprise! Apple has opened a pop-up store in Austin so that the nerds in town for #SXSW can get their new iPads.... {link},No
"#technews Apple heads to SXSW, sets up temporary store in Austin {link} #Tech_News #Apple #iPad_2 #Rance_Wilemon #SXSW #tech",No
???@mention Apple is a great example of a retail store layed out for the future - no 'registers' no 'checkout line'  #sxsw,No
???@mention Apple is opening up a temporary store in downtown Austin for #SXSW and the iPad 2 launch {link} #gswsxsw,No
???@mention Apple is opening up a temporary store in downtown Austin for #SXSW and the iPad 2 launch&quot; oh YAY more traffic.,No
#technews Apple Opening Pop-Up Store In Austin For SXSW {link} #Tech_News #American_Statesman #Apple #Apple_Apple #SXSW #tech,No
#technews Apple Opening Pop-Up Store in Austin for SXSW Geekfest [Apple] {link} #Tech_News #Apple #Brian_Lam #iPad_2 #SXSW #tech,No
"The #sxsw Apple Popup Store is open at noon, has a fresh shipment of iPad 2's, and I'm pretty sure I'm going to get one. [fingers crossed]",No
"#technews Apple saves SXSW, set to open pop-up store {link} #Tech_News #Apple #SXSW #tech",No
"At #SXSW, Apple schools the marketing experts  {link}",No
"At #SXSW, Apple schools the marketing experts {link}",No
"At #SXSW, Apple schools the marketing experts {link} via @mention",No
"At #SXSW, Apple schools the marketing experts {link} via @mention &lt;&lt; True. Love or loathe them, no one does marketing like them.",No
"At #SXSW, Apple schools the marketing experts | CNET - {link}",No
"At #SXSW, Apple schools the marketing experts | CNET Blogs {link} #Austin #ATX #retail",No
???@mention Apple store downtown Austin open til Midnight. #sxsw?? @mention there's still time :),No
???@mention Apple store downtown Austin open til Midnight. #sxsw?? any ipad2 left in stock?,No
@mention  Apple Store on Congress  {link} #sxsw #austin,No
&quot;The Apple store at the mall on Sunday is 10x as crowded as this. This line is fake. I just need a fucking dongle.&quot; Genius let me in. #sxsw,Yes
2wks only Apple Store in 6th Austin street is now opened. #sxsw,No
A special Apple store: opening at 6th and Congress for SXSW &amp; ipad 2 launch. www.apple.com/retail/thedomain/  #Apple #iPad2 #sxsw #fb,No
Makeshift apple store at 6th and congress. You're kidding me. Amazing #sxsw #apple,No
Temporary Apple store at #sxsw - huge line. {link},No
Temporary Apple store at SXSW is really cool...as is the iPad 2 :) #apple #SXSW #fanboy,No
Temporary Apple Store being set up for #SXSW... shit now the temptation is going to be out of control.,Yes
"Temporary apple store for #sxsw, line goes around the block {link}",No
Temporary Apple store opens @mention 6th &amp; Congress tomorrow. #ipad2 #sxsw,No
Temporary apple store opens at 5pm at 6th and congress. Line already growing. #iPad - view.io {link} via @mention #sxsw,No
Temporary Apple Store will be a block from my office! Can't wait to see the line tomorrow. Photos to come... #sxsw #iPad2,No
The #sxsw Apple store opens at noon each day and closes when they run out of iPad2s. Why didn't I buy stock 10 years ago?,No
Base Camp Apple.  #SXSW {link},No
iPad news apps 'so last year' at #SXSW {link},No
10 iPhone Apps you??ll Probably Need and Use During #SXSW {link},No
Now there are 150 million mobile google maps users @mention #sxsw,No
The lines are already forming at Apple's pop-up store in Austin. Aren't these people here to see the festival? {link} #sxsw,No
And a few are Android too RT @mention 10 New Mobile Apps I??ll Be Using at??#SXSW  {link},No
"#Sxsw You are attending SXSW? report what you see with your Android phone, get Bannka app.",Yes
"iPad apps are just like software development in that once you release it, you have to start working on the update. #sxsw",No
"My tweets are stalled. Data sluggish. Come on AT&amp;T, Verizon is embarrassing iPhone customers who haven't switched. #SXSW #iPhone",Yes
"Those who are tweeting that Google is coming out with Circles platform today are outside of the circle, keep up #itsnot #sxsw",No
???@mention Are you Stupid? Find it out at the #sxsw on your Mac {link} for a special price! #games #Mac??,No
Slate see as much traffic to mobile safari as to their app on the iPad #sxsw #electricnews,No
Unloading at #apple store corner of 6th and congress in Austin. Temp store for #SXSW  {link},No
Great day at #SXSW -BUT jaloux of @mention &amp; HIS NEW iPad.Look at him on school bus on 1st day of school {link},No
I arrived at #sxsw and my @mention issue hasn't been resolved. Dying to use the iPhone app but cant login. RT@mention @mention we're on it,No
I will be at #sxsw for Screenburn @mention launch of my clients new iPhone game #travellerARlaunch find out more at {link},No
"If anyone at #sxsw wants to see a demo of PicCraft or an ipad 2, find me",No
If I were at #SXSW I could spend it all at the @mention Teaching Theater alone; just look at that schedule: {link},No
If you're at #SXSW : meet us at Fado. We will give you wristbands that magically lead to beer. Come say hi! {link},Yes
"If you're at #SXSW and want an iPad 2, Apple's setting up a temporary store. Check it out! {link}",No
Overheard at #sxsw &quot;the iPad is a relaxing computer&quot;: agreed. #iPad #apple,No
Overheard at #sxsw interactive: &quot;Arg! I hate the iphone! I want my blackberry back&quot; #shocked,No
"If you're at #sxsw, meet our author, and a host of Android devs, Sat. at 12:30pm, Hilton room 615AB.",No
???@mention at #sxsw: &quot;apple comes up with cool technology no one's ever heard of because they don't go to conferences&quot;??,No
"For those at #SXSW: Apple sets up 5,000-square-foot temporary store at SXSW to sell new iPads, test potential traffic {link}",No
Overheard at #SXSW: &quot;Google doesn't launch products at other people's events.&quot;,No
Nerd bait at #SXSW! Apple set to open popup shop in core of SXSW action {link},No
Long line at #sxsw? What Else?  Apple Store {link},No
"Last year at #SXSWi everbody was talking about the iPad, this year it's social media driven revolutions. This year is better. #sxsw",No
"Long line at Apple Pop up store for iPad 2. Great marketing, Apple. #SXSW",No
"???@mention At Google, 4 people do the work of 7 people rather than 7 people doing the work of 4. #agileagency #SXSW??",No
knackered at home playing with ipad and updating iphone. but timeline smashed with partytweets can't make me go to bed.. #sxsw,No
overheard at MDW (and I'll second it) &quot;halfway through my iPhone battery already and I haven't even boarded the plane to #sxsw&quot; #amateurhour,No
"#technews At SXSW, Apple schools the marketing experts {link} #Tech_News #Apple #Jobs_Co #SXSW #tech",No
First day at sxsw.  Fun final presentation on Google Doodles.  #GoogleDoodle #sxsw,No
Huge line at the #apple store in #austin - #sxsw crowd tripping over each other to get the new ipad,No
If ur not at the #google #aclu 80's party....u should be! #sxsw,No
The queue at the apple pop-up store #sxsw {link},No
The queue at the Apple Store in Austin is FOUR blocks long. Crazy stuff! #sxsw,No
"Posted up at the DMI House, Intimate Stranger on the stage, they got a restaurant crowd sitting down to deal wif  #sxsw {link}",No
The woman at the Google talk sounded JUST like Chelsea Handler! Lol #sxsw,No
I laughed at the iPad until I spent this week hauling my macbook everywhere. Now I really want an iPad and a shoulder rub. #sxsw,No
Any #SXSW attendees need a QR code reader for their iPhone? Tweet us an image of you with your badge and the first 5 get Optiscan free!,No
Hey #SXSW attendees...you should hop in line at the #Apple store now. Only four days til your new iPad2 comes in...,No
is anyone attending to the google &amp; aclu party @mention sxsw? if so could you plz up some pictures? thanks! #sxsw,No
"March 11. Austin, TX. Will people line up at the #SXSW registration or at the Apple Store? ^_^",No
Landed in Austin. Spotted the Google Places Ads for #SxSW at the airport: &quot;The Ultimate Austin Pocket Guide&quot;. More like #Yelp than #iTourU,No
they took away the lego pit but replaced it with a recharging station ;) #sxsw and i might check prices for an iphone - crap samsung android,No
???@mention Awesome to meet @mention @mention and @mention standing in the Apple queue at #sxsw yesterday. On to Day 2.??&lt;&lt; so cute!,No
".@mention Bad Apple: shows up late, Qs the process, poo-poos ideas, leaves early. Can even be &quot;I'm too creative&quot; or busy #gamestorming #sxsw",No
".@mention Bahrain govt turned off Google Earth. As a result, more people learned about it and govt had to turn it back on. #sxsw",No
Trying to balance the power of power needs on iPhone vs iPad at #sxsw. This 3G iPad sucks it out quick. Might have go airplane mode.,No
Racing to ballroom D to see @mention Marissa Mayer. #sxsw #sxswi,No
My iPhone battery at 100%. #winning at #SXSW,No
My iPhone battery can't keep up with my tweets! Thanks Apple.  #SXSW  #precommerce,No
will this be another google wave? RT @mention We interrupt your regularly scheduled #sxsw geek programming w/big #google news {link},No
this will be fun to watch. #ipadmadness RT @mention Apple Opening Pop-Up Store In Austin For SXSW {link} #sxsw,No
This will be out of control: #Apple set to open popup shop in core of #SXSW action {link} via @mention  cc @mention,No
Yeah I'll be there for sure! --&gt;RT @mention @mention @mention check this: {link} #SXSW #google,No
Celebrate Beauty of the Web @mention the MSFT #IE9 launch &amp; play our new #html5 game to win an iPad2 {link} #sxsw,No
"Texas has been amazing I've met so many influential people that work at twitter, foursquare, Microsoft and even Apple.  #SXSW #Winning",No
"I woke up before my iPhone finished recharging. That means I got enough sleep last night, right? #sxsw",No
The quiet before the storm at #SXSW - Looking forward to seeing Google's Marissa Mayer,No
"Companies believing in #NFC Google with the Nexus S, Nokia but also carriers, Verifone, and even Apple it seems #sxsw #sxswnfc",No
???@mention Best thing I've heard this weekend at #SXSW &quot;I gave my iPad 2 money to #Japan relief. I don't need an iPad 2.&quot;  @mention,No
Hope it's better than wave RT @mention Buzz is: Google's previewing a social networking platform at #SXSW: {link},No
IPad 2 is better..they have had time to improve #sxsw,No
"Cus!
It's between pacman google, singularity or #sxsw noobs meetup",No
{link} Go beyond Earth Hour this year by sharing positive actions with the world. Download the #EarthHour 60+ iPhone app. #SXSW,No
So far my biggest #SXSW mistake is not bringing my iPhone/iPad charger,No
Google vs Bing on #bettersearch. Bing has a shot at success w/ structured search.  Potentially higher margin CPA model vs #Google. #SXSW,No
Of course Bing results are good they are Google's:) #SEO #SXSW #qagb,No
???@mention Black or white iPad?  #sxsw #iPad2?? that is the question....,Yes
"HootSuite blog ??? Social Media Dashboard ?? HootSuite Mobile for #SXSW ~ Updates for iPhone, BlackBerry &amp; Android
{link}",No
"HootSuite blog ??? Social Media Dashboard ?? HootSuite Mobile for #SXSW ~ Updates for iPhone, BlackBerry &amp; Android {link}",No
"Hoot! New Blog post: HootSuite Mobile for #SXSW ~ Updates for iPhone, BlackBerry &amp; Android {link}",No
Is anyone bringing their iPad vs. their computer to #sxsw?,No
impulsive buy = all your friends at #SXSW -&gt; I now have one too. Selling my 1st gen 32gb 3g iPad now,No
???@mention Buying 2 new iPad's with @mention #geekdate #apple #sxsw #ipad2?? :),No
Someone's buying herself a present ;-) RT @mention Apple Is Opening A Pop-Up Store In Austin For #SXSW {link},No
Nice find by RSQ's @mention {link} #sxsw #iPad #app,No
"The South By Southwest Panels, Illustrated [PICS]: Sometimes the best... {link} #News #Ogilvy #sxsw #trending #Cyber #iPhone",No
My Google calendar's Saturday night is a giant overlap of #sxsw parties.,No
&quot;You can Google Canadian Tuxedo and lose yourself for hours&quot; #sxsw,No
"If anyone can make it cooler, they can. RT @mention @mention to Launch &quot;Groupon/ Living Social-type&quot; Rewards #SXSW {link}",No
"Exciting, can??t wait! RT @mention Apple is opening up a temporary store in downtown Austin for #SXSW &amp; the iPad 2 launch {link}",No
"Great for certain meetings. RT @mention Hello, Holler Gram, our new iPad app {link} #hollergram #sxsw",No
Dont miss Charles Chen for Android/ChromeOS  Access at SXSW: @mention the Google booth in Exhibit Hall 3 @mention 1PM #sxsw,No
Reminder: Charles Chen will be talking about Android and ChromeOS access today @mention 1PM @mention the Google booth in Exhibit Hall 3. #sxsw,No
"Tomorrow, Charles Chen will be speaking about Android and ChromeOS access @mention the Google booth in Exhibit Hall 3 @mention 1PM #sxsw",No
"RE: group chat apps for #SXSW, now been told to d/l two more apps (not yet avail on Android). This point, I'll need phone JUST for apps.",No
"Remember, chime in with tweets about your #nasatweetup experience between 2:15pm - 3pm Central time for #sxsw session - {link}",No
"The Daily Chord - Tuesday, March 8: 
Hackers discover Google's music serviceStory from Rollin... {link} #sxsw #music #news",No
"The Daily Chord - Tuesday, March 8: 
Hackers discover Google's music serviceStory from Rolling Stone.


Mo... {link} #SXSW",No
Google to Circle Austin? #sxsw {link},No
No Google Circles at #SxSW {link} (ht @mention ) (maybe they're reconsidering the shape?),No
Is Google Circles just Buzz with the corners rounded off? Might we find out today? {link} #sxsw #google,No
NO Google Circles! RT @mention We're not launching any products at #SXSW but we're doing plenty else.,No
"10 Austin Classics not to be missed at #SXSW. m4blog.com
Twitter for iPhone ?? 3/12/11 12:40 PM",Yes
"tools for collaboration across boundaries ~ google, webex, dropbox, whiteboarding, basecamp, join.me, ipad #sxsw #evolvingworkplace",Yes
Trying to collaborate on #sxsw events with a few friends. Google Calendar or Plancast?,No
"At #SXSW? come hear me speak in 40 mins. Designing iPad Interfaces - New Navigation Schemas in Ballrm A, 11:00am #UXDes @mention",No
"iPad 2 is coming out at #SXSW, guess Apple's pretty desperate to give it attention.",No
"If you're coming to #SXSW be sure to download the SXSW Go app, it has all the schedules and locations of the events. {link}",No
Seriously considering leaving my MacBook Pro at home and flying solo with the iPad for a week. Think I can make it work? #sxsw,No
Among the cool/goofy things I've spied at #SxSW today - iPad case made to look like an EtchnSketch; grown up game of tug o' war.,No
wishes he could be at the @mention / @mention / @mention party at #sxsw instead of doing homework for tomorrow...,No
If only I could find @mention at #SXSW. He's probably fitIng with his iPad.,No
Check out Coyne PR updates from #sxsw {link} via @mention,No
It's just crazy to look around sxsw and realize last year no one had an iPad. #sxsw,No
SYD #SXSW crew your iPhone extra juice pods have been procured.,No
"Crazy big crowds now. #SXSW @mention Apple Store, SXSW {link}",No
"If u read d article,google say it's a rumor ???@mention to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles,{link} #sxsw??",No
At #SXSW? D/L @mention 4 iPhone &amp; come to the UJ* booth in ACC hall 2! Snap pics &amp; send em to us! #FightThePaddle! {link},No
Shipments daily - follow @mention #AppleATXdt 4 updates RT @mention Pop-up Apple Store seems to be out of pop-up iPad2s. #SXSW,No
It's only day 3 and I'm too tired to hold up my iPad. This week will be the death of me. But it will be a happy death. #sxsw,No
"Beautiful day in #austin! Come by and grab a slice or two. If you check in on #google, you can get a deal. #sxswi #SXSW",No
Four more days! #ipad #sxsw #weekend #battlela,No
IPhone is dead. Find me on the secret batphone #sxsw.,No
Google to debut new selective social network today at #sxsw ? @mention {link}  #google #circles,No
"Trying to decide what session to attend at #sxsw, but Marissa Meyer @mention later today is a given.",No
excellent deck there too RT @mention Nth time lucky: Google's new social network about to launch. Maybe. {link} #sxsw,No
&quot;the default state of users is more leisurely and contemplative&quot; @mention #ipad #sxsw,No
Mobile is definitely the hot topic this year. Every session is standing room only. Next  - lessons learnt building Netflix iPhone app #sxsw,No
Did Apple deliberately chose March 11 for the iPad 2 availability knowing that a large chunk of their customer base will be at #SXSW?,No
Google TV demo at the league for extraordinary hackers. Cool stuff! I like Web apps on TV. #google #sxsw #lxh,No
Best iPad design: Big chunky elements. Generous space. Clarity trumps density. Tap quality trumps tap quantity. #tapworthy #sxsw,No
Attending Designing iPad Interfaces - New Navigation Schemas w/ @mention Great stuff so far.  #sxsw,No
"Attending Designing iPad Interfaces - New Navigation Schemas. With AKQA's Lynn Teo. Ballroom A. And yes, we are hiring. #sxsw",No
"Check out Designing for Android at SXSW.
{link} #SXSW #UXAmandroid",No
Check out Designing iPad Interfaces - New Navigation Schemas #SXSW #UXDes,No
"Check out Designing iPad Interfaces - New Navigation Schemas at SXSW.
{link} #SXSW #UXDes",No
"Headed to Designing iPad Interfaces - New Navigation Schemas at SXSW.
{link} #SXSW #UXDes",No
"Taking in Designing iPad Interfaces - New Navigation Schemas at SXSW.
{link} #SXSW #UXDes",No
Adobe has developed an engine to essentially convert SWF files to jQuery/HTML5.  So existing flash files can be portable on your ipad. #sxsw,No
"I'm not a developer, but awesome name for the event! RT @mention Join the League of Extraordinary #H4ckers at #SXSW! {link}",No
Behaviour diff. Lots of phone calls while using ipad/laptop. Notsomuch with the mobiles internets. #sxsw,No
Lovin the digital! @mention band sings into iPhone &amp; plays guitar app as fans record vids on iPad2s #CNN Digital #cnngrill #sxsw #sxswi,Yes
Why Barry Diller thinks iPad only content is nuts @mention #SXSW {link},No
Why Barry Diller thinks iPad only content is nuts @mention #SXSW @mention {link} @mention,No
We really DO need another big social network right now - thanks! #SXSW #Google {link},No
Q2 - What do u think of Google's check in offers? Testing at #sxsw {link} #smccolumbus,No
In Japan: Docomo introduced mobile apps six years before Apple came out with app store. #jpmobilesummit #sxsw,No
What time does the #apple store at #sxsw open? Pulling the #ipad2 trigger.,No
At #SXSW? Don't forget to come to the #privacybootcamp for startups with @mention @mention @mention and @mention in ... {link},No
At #SXSW? Don't forget to come to the #privacybootcamp for startups with @mention @mention @mention and @mention in ACC 9ABC at 3:30 CST!,No
"Too bad I don't have a ??_ button!
RT @mention I know its #SXSW time when I have an abnormal amount of app updates on my iPhone.",No
Web Devs: Don't wait in line for iPad 2 at #sxsw signup for New Relic using promo SXSW2011 and be eligible to win one {link},No
???@mention Download 20+ FREE tracks from the #SXSW Music Sampler available on @mention store today!  {link},No
???@mention Download 20+ FREE tracks from the #SXSW Music Sampler available on the @mention store today!  {link},No
???@mention Download 20+ FREE tracks from the #SXSW Music Sampler available on the @mention store today!  {link} #fb,No
???@mention DownloadFREE tracks from the #SXSW Music Sampler available @mention {link} - where are the green lady killers!,Yes
"guess who drew a bigger crowd at #sxsw: @mention or a chimp that could work an #iPhone? Sorry, @mention",No
Jeez guys dunno about an Apple pop-up over a Gold's Gym. Do u realize how un-Jobs-aesthetic that is? #SXSW #Apple,No
Is anyone else using #hashable to network at #sxsw this week? Trying out the android version...,No
@mention  Enjoy #Sxsw and ride anywhere in Austin for $10 . download the #GroundLink app {link} booth 437,No
@mention  Enjoy #Sxsw and ride anywhere in Austin for $10 . dwnld the #GroundLink app{link} booth 437,No
"Before It Even Begins, #Apple #Winning #SXSW {link} via @mention @mention",No
"Before It Even Begins, #Apple Wins #SXSW {link} #tc #apple",No
"Before It Even Begins, #Apple Wins #SXSW {link} by @mention",No
"Before it even begins, #Apple wins #SXSW {link} Opening a temporary store in downtown Austin to support #iPad2 launch #genius",No
"Before It Even Begins, #Apple Wins #SXSW: Over the past week, there??s been a major dilemma in??_ {link}",No
"Before It Even Begins, Apple Wins #SXSW - TechCrunch - {link} #ipad",No
"Before It Even Begins, Apple Wins #SXSW {link}",No
"Before it even begins, Apple wins #SXSW {link}",No
"Before It Even Begins, Apple Wins #SXSW {link}",No
"Before It Even Begins, Apple Wins #SXSW {link} /by @mention for @mention",No
"Before It Even Begins, Apple Wins #SXSW {link} /via @mention by @mention for @mention",No
"Before It Even Begins, Apple Wins #SXSW {link} on @mention",No
"Before It Even Begins, Apple Wins #SXSW {link} via @mention",No
"Before It Even Begins, Apple Wins??#SxSW, {link} -&gt; gonna get sum! via @mention",No
"Before It Even Begins, Apple Wins SXSW - TechCrunch {link} #sxsw",No
"Before It Even Begins, Apple Wins SXSW {link} &lt;&lt; who will win big at #SXSW ?",No
"Before It Even Begins, Apple Wins SXSW {link} #Apple #iPad2 #PM #SXSW",No
"Before It Even Begins, Apple Wins SXSW {link} #apple #ipad2 #SXSW #TC",No
"Before It Even Begins, Apple Wins??SXSW {link} #apple #sxsw",No
"Before It Even Begins, Apple Wins SXSW {link} #tc #apple #ipad2 #sxsw",No
"Before It Even Begins, Apple Wins??SXSW {link} via @mention #apple #sxsw",No
"Before It Even Begins, Apple Wins SXSW: {link} Via @mention @mention #Apple #SXSW",No
Badgeless event! Free Drinks! ???@mention Heading to free Google-sponsored happy hour for Semantic Web Austin @mention Fogo de Ch??o #sxsw??,No
"BEST SWAG EVER. Thanks @mention My charging iPhone thanks you, too. #SXSW {link}",No
"Thanks to everyone for making it a great day in the shop today. if you're in Austin, come by and see us tomorrow {link} #sxsw",No
Thanks to everyone who came by today. Good luck on winning the iPad. Stop by tomorrow for more chances to win. #sxsw,No
Timing is everything! iPad 2: Brand Winner at SXSW by @mention {link} #pnid #sxsw,No
"Hey #sxsw exhibitors, why not capture your booth experience with a Retrollect disc? Most popular disc wins iPad 2! {link}",No
Gave into extreme temptation at #SXSW and bought an iPad 2... #impulse,No
#4sq sees Facebook and Google as competition via @mention #checkins #sxsw,No
#SXSW has fantastic schedule app for iphone! Bummer I am still crackberry!,No
"Photo: By far, the best #sxsw accessory is an ipad. Followed closely by a margarita. ;-) {link}",No
One of my fav photos of #SXSW so far @mention &amp;  @mention #google #SXSW {link},No
"Watch out FB 4 big brother RT@mention Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw",No
I think I fell a bit more in love with #google today. Thanks for throwing the nerd party at the speakeasy during #SxSW,No
"The way I figure, an iPad 2 is a good replacement for not making it to #SXSW this year.",No
"At a DSLR film discussion moderated by Guy Kawasaki, of Apple fame. Packed house! #SXSW",No
"Get #SXSW film red carpet coverage from @mention CW Austin Star Mandy Dugan on Grouped{in}, get the app {link}",No
I need to find a better #SXSW stream to follow. The inane iPad 2 tweets are surely not what SouthBy is about,No
???@mention Find out if you are stupid with our Stupid Game for you #iPad currently on special #sxsw sale! {link},No
Do it! RT Find the hottest spots @mention w/ @mention Hot Spots #SXSW app on #WP7 {link} or iPhone {link},No
Trying to find the apple pop up store #sxsw #widfy,No
Is he the first person in the queue at the new apple store in Austin? May we be #sxsw  {link},No
#technews Flipboard Adds Instagram Photos and Social Search [Apps] {link} #Tech_News #Apple #Social_Search #SXSW #tech,No
il CEO di flipboard annuncia la versione iPhone ???@mention @mention next platform for Flipboard is the iPhone Team started working on it #SXSW,No
"Google is focusing on bridging the digital/physical divide. Eg. maps, streetview, hotpot &amp; autonomous driving. #sxsw @mention",No
Hey #SXSW folks please keep us posted on Google #Circles. Hope you're all having a blast! {link},No
Hey #SXSW folks: free lunch from La Condesa at the Pepsi Max Lot! Map: {link},No
#Apple To Follow Its Customers To #SXSW - Forbes - {link} - Alcoholics call this ???enabling.?? The rest of us call it genius.,No
"Please RT Follow the next big #college social network @mention chance to win an #iPad at 7,000 followers #socialmedia #SXSW",No
"Gear list for #SXSW music: iPhone (VZW), Blackberry (Sprint), iPad, Jambox, HP elitebook. Lacking good, portable headphones. Suggestions?",No
"Preparing for #sxsw talk about #google doodles with @mention It will be fun! Friday, 5pm: {link}",No
Good news for Austin-bound Apple fanboys: {link} #sxsw #ipad2,No
"Saving up for iPad2 photo at Apple Store, #SXSW {link}  by @mention @mention @mention @mention @jerranalley @tbalinas",No
Wish list for tech?  #NTN #SXSW Google Apps helps level the playing field for kids who may not have software at home,No
Designing for the iPad? Catch @mention Matt Carlson &amp; @mention Matthew Davis at #SXSW (Mon. 9:30) at the Hilton. {link},No
Hitlantis for the iPad. Cool song explorer app. Hitlantis.com. #sxsw #musicviz,Yes
Searching for the temporary Apple Store at #sxsw.,No
Thank you for these! RT @mention Public notes for &quot;5 steps to bulletproof UX strategy&quot;: {link} #sxsw #rhjr_ux5. Via @mention,No
A queue's forming at the Austin #SXSW pop-up Apple store {link} The guy at the front's been there since 5am apparently!,No
"we're all frankenstein! the amalgamation of our fragmented digital identities, becoming anti-schizophrenic, google as AI. SM is sci-fi #sxsw",No
Who wants free #music? Free #SXSW sampler album on #iTunes. Download it now. (Link opens iTunes) {link},No
There's a free 22-song sampler available for download on iTunes of artists playing at #SXSW - check it out here {link} #music,No
&quot;Win free iPad 2 from webdoc.com #SXSW RT&quot;,No
Grab some free music: SXSW 2011 Showcasing Artists MP3 Torrents are in the wild. {link} #sxsw,No
Hey #SXSW friends -- anyone have an iPhone charger that @mention can borrow TONIGHT? LMK.,No
Any of my friends at SxSW willing to pick me up an iPad - will pay a premium. DM me #sxsw #atl {link},No
Good talk from AKQAs @mention on iPad interface w/ callback to design principles. My wish: go beyond media/marketing examples. #fb #SxSW,No
Person in front of me just took a picture with his new iPad #sxsw,No
"Tessie S, frontwoman for Intimate Stranger, has ink in the most painful places to get ink on. Respect.  Location: {link}  #sxsw",No
&quot;the future of local is contextual discovery.&quot; Google's Marissa Mayer argues 'where' is exceptionally valuable for any type of search. #SXSW,No
&quot;the future of touch user interface design&quot; wondering if the presentation (by microsoft employees) will mention the ipad. #sxsw,No
SXSW Geek Games: Compete To Gain VIP Status &amp; Win Big Prizes: We all know... {link} #mashable #geek_games #sxsw #Cyber #iPhone,No
"???@mention Gearing up to make a splash, @mention to Launch &quot;Groupon or Living Social-type&quot; Rewards at #SXSW {link} - Boom!",No
Zazzle is gearing up to hit #SXSW! Look out for our tweets on where you can come by to create your own iPhone case! #zazzlesxsw,Yes
Marketing Genius: Apple opens pop up store outside of #SXSW {link},No
???@mention Get a look at #SXSW's rumored #Apple &quot;pop-up&quot; store in Austin: {link},No
Trying to get into the #Google 80's Retro Party at Maggie Mae's. Line is huge. Hope it is worth the wait #sxsw #sxsw2011,No
???@mention Get ready for the word &quot;Circles&quot; to be trending #SXSWi #SXSW :)?? #Google #Circles #social,No
At #SXSW? Get the SoundCloud iPhone app {link} and start recording. Use 4sq geotagging to be on the map: {link},No
"After you get your food, don't forget to snap a photo to win a MacBook air, iPad 2, or Apple TV! #sxsw",No
"Austin is getting full, and #SXSW is underway.  I can tell because my iPhone is an intermittent brick. #crowded",No
Google to give social networking another try with &quot;Circles&quot;: via @mention @mention  {link} #sxsw,No
"#at&amp;t giving away amazing prizes..iPhone, Android, kindle, tablets...amazing. happening now at the Sheraton.#SXSW.",No
Zaarly is giving away an iPad 2 during #SxSW to the person with the most beta signup referrals {link} #craigslistkiller,Yes
Google is giving free Google Labs laptops to open source coders who r attending this meet-up. #sxsw I got a cupcake:-),No
"The #SXSW GO app no available for Blackberry and Windows 7 in addition to iPhone, iPad, and Android: {link}",No
I need to go to #sxsw. but i have 7-mo. old. no sitter. know where to score apple-martin-like #babyheadphones ?,No
I have to go to SXSW next year! RT @mention Apple to open temporary store at #SXSW {link},No
"I want to go to the Apple pop-up store, but I'm afraid I'll leave with a new iPad. #SXSW",No
Hey #sxsw goers! I'm droppin survival tips all week to help you get you rock on!  Best hangover cure: Tamale House 3! {link},No
"If a bomb goes off in this convention center, Apple is going to lose a devastating share of it's customer base #sxsw",No
"OMG...I'm going down to #SXSW With: MacBook Pro, iPad, iPhone4, iPod, and a Galaxy Tab... #TechGeek",No
"If you??re going to #SXSW and want to talk about HTML and CSS, catch @mention from the Google Webmaster Team.",No
So who is going to see @mention tonight?!?? {link} #SXSW,No
I have my golden tickets f 4sq party Day after the real party #Redbullbpm with Felix da Housecat playing on iPad! #SXSW  {link},No
@mention  good morning 2 u!  Enjoy #Sxsw and ride anywhere in Austin for $10 .  dwnld the #GroundLink app{link} booth 437,No
"Queue for Google (and, er, Bing) talk on spam is ridiculous. Busiest I've seen. #SXSW",No
haha. the google &quot;Party like it's 1986&quot; Party {link} #SXSW,No
"GSD&amp;M Google #sxsw party with @mention is blowing my mind. So much amazing food, drink, music, &amp; photo booth fun!",No
#SXSW the google authenticator app for mobile devices is a step ahead...,No
.@mention Google Circles will be the first real alternative to Facebook #sxsw,No
When will Google Circles launch? {link} &quot;May have good timing given Twitter? #sxsw,No
???@mention Google doesn't place any value on your domain extension. They are all equal. #SXSW #qagb??,No
Attending Google keynote. Seeing Google maps for mobile features.  #SXSW,No
&quot;The Google name was built on getting things out there and trying them out.&quot; -Marissa Mayer #sxsw frm @mention,No
???@mention Google now lets you block sites you can't stand {link} How about #sxsw blocking that looks like what I need,No
Length of Google penalty based on severity of breach of webmaster guidelines. i.e.white text on white bgr might get 30 day pen. #sxsw #qagb,Yes
???@mention Google set to launch new social network #Circles today at #sxsw?? @mention  @mention,No
I need to google that lonelyboy15 @mention talks about all the time ;) #sxsw #enchantment,No
"???@mention Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today (Updated) - did it happen #sxsw {link}",No
"???@mention Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #SXSW",No
"???@mention Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw?? 

Something to keep watch",No
"???@mention Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw?? 
It'll never beat myspace.",Yes
"???@mention Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw?? @mention",No
"???@mention Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw?? @mention  bigger than gaga",No
"???@mention Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw?? #fb",No
"???@mention Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw?? #HNWSXSW",No
"???@mention Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw?? %GOOG",No
"???@mention Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw?? Dejavu all over again.",No
"???@mention Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw?? sta, nije im dosta GBuzz-a?",No
"???@mention Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw?? te dije wey @mention",No
"???@mention Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw??. Super interesting...",No
"???@mention Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} rt @mention #sxsw??",No
"???@mention Google to launch major new social network called Circles, possibly today at SXSW: {link} #sxsw #nfusion?? #hmm",No
"???@mention Google to Launch New Social Network Called Circles, Today? {link} #sxsw?? Applause for a new privacy model attempt",No
#technews Google to launch new social network at SXSW? {link} #Tech_News #ACLU #SXSW #tech,No
BREAKING: Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles...Today? {link} via @mention #sxsw #socialmedia,No
"Diller on Google TV: &quot;The first product wasn't good. It wasn't a consumer product, basically.&quot; #sxsw #diller",No
.@mention Google Will Connect the Digital &amp; Physical Worlds Through Mobile - {link} #SXSW  | RT @mention,No
.@mention Google Will Connect the Digital &amp; Physical Worlds Through Mobile - {link} #SXSW RT @mention,No
"#SXSW Why Google, Apple, EA Games, Zynga, Facebook, Microsoft and Intuit went gaga for The Go Game: {link}",No
Future of Google: Contextual discovery. Location + context helps us go deeper than ever. Searches without search @mention #sxsw,No
???@mention Google's Cutts says reputation and topicality are the 2 keys that matter in site rankings. #qagb #sxsw?? = saying trust &amp; LDA,No
What will Google's Marissa Mayer talk about at 3.30? Worth going? #sxsw,No
Ironic? I googled the directions to @mention party and ended up walked 6 blocks in the wrong direction. Time for bed I think. #SXSW,No
"Check out GoogleTV to iPad Apps: The Connected TV Experience at SXSW.
{link} #SXSW #ConnectedTV",No
"Check out GoogleTV to iPad Apps: The Connected TV Experience at SXSW.
{link} #SXSW #ConnectedTV Fascinating!",No
CNNMoney: Got a craving? #SXSW minds created an app for that - Foodspotting {link} #iPhone #apps,No
Microsoft got me so drunk I changed my iPhone default search to yahoo. #SXSW,No
/@mention Grab the latest @mention before #SXSW! {link} #saytextson!,No
msc_page: Guy gets tattoo at SXSW so he could win a free iPad2 {link} #sxsw #tattoo #ipad??_ {link} #allshare,No
Bring it  guys! About to start  in Austin with @mention and @mention at #touchingstories ##SXSW  &quot;Designing Digital Magazines for the iPad&quot;,No
Less than half an hour and we'll tell you how to win an iPad 2!  RT this now! #SXSW #SXSWi,No
"iPad 2 in hand, awesome dude gave me cutsies on a 3 hour line. #austin #apple #sxsw #winning",No
IPad 2 in hand.  #SXSW # thisisdare,No
"I'm gonna hang my iPad and our hacked NOOK around my neck this week so I can become the Flava Flav of #sxsw! Top that, hipsters! #gsdm",No
.@mention has an something called Google Places with HotPot that works as a recommendation engine. #SxSW,No
This Post Has Nothing to do with #SXSW {link},No
"#smtravel hasn't heard - Google plans to launch a socnet in May - &quot;Circles&quot;. They have learned a lot in 5 years, lots has changed. via #sxsw",No
What if I have BB? Discriminatory! ;P RT @mention @mention We're officially at #SXSW! Come by the FC Grill...&amp; make ur own iPhone case!,No
"I may not have invites to all the &quot;cool&quot; #sxsw #sxswi parties, but I do have two iPhone chargers in my pocket, so you'll be happy to see me!",No
Who would have thunk it? RT @mention Agencies push Google in directions they never would have gone otherwise says @mention #SXSW,No
???@mention Have yet to see someone with a PC (Dell or otherwise) @mention SXSW - all Apple MacBook Pro or iPads...#sxsw?? I'll b there soon!,No
I've been having meetings while I'm in line at the #SXSW PopUp Apple Store for the iPad2. I love this place!,No
#Apple to Hawk iPad 2 at #SXSW Festival Popup Store!  {link}  by @mention,No
I want to hear @mention tell a Google Love Story! #connectedbrands #SXSW #SXSWiC,No
Pumped to hear @mention dudes talk about logos over the years. Can I make one? #sxsw #Gsdm,No
Thanks to Heathcare Digital @mention for publishing the news about our new Medical Apps showcased at #SXSW {link} #sxswh,No
"@mention  hello! Enjoy #Sxsw and ride anywhere in Austin for $10 . download the #GroundLink app, {link} booth 437",No
"Oh Lordy, here we go... RT @mention What time does the #apple store at #sxsw open? Pulling the #ipad2 trigger.",No
"???@mention Hey Austin, know a little about #iPhone or #Android, love music &amp; wanna make $20/hour during #SXSW?  Please let me know.??",No
Loved the honesty in Google's Marissa Mayer keynote: we have too many products and need to step up customer service for locations #sxsw,No
Google to Host Developer Day at SXSW {link} #sxsw @mention,No
T-minus 6 hours: social media mavens start performing degrading sex acts for an iPhone charge. #SXSW,No
Hey #SXSW how bout donating all this $ your spending on the new #iPad to Japan. Do you REALLY need that thing?,No
"Wondering how much revenue the Austin @mention store grossed on account of the ipad2, amid #sxsw ...what a strategic release...",No
#technews How To ???Win?? SXSW: Hint ??? It??s The Same Answer Every Year {link} #Tech_News #Bill_Murray #How_To #iPhone #SXSW #tech,No
"Apple and HP popups at #SXSW. Gee, I wonder which will get more traffic. -  {link}",No
Scavenger Hunt game for businesses released as app for the iPhone at #SXSW {link},No
Wonder if I can fit an iPad 2 in my luggage as I'm packing for Austin? Hmmm. #sxsw,No
"Holy moly I can't believe the line out here #sxsw @mention Apple Store, SXSW {link}",No
"Only time I ever torrent (also this is legal). Also, also, so excited #sxsw  {link}",No
How could I forget my cell phone today for #SXSW what a fail glad I have my iPad #lifelinetotheworld,No
".@mention I have a 3G iPhone. After 3 hrs tweeting at #RISE_Austin, it was dead!  I need to upgrade. Plugin stations at #SXSW.",No
.@mention I have a feeling #SXSW will be the worst place to try &amp; get an iPad 2- everyone there will be trying to get one. #techiesunite,No
"Love that I have a MacBook, iPad, and iPhone with me at #sxsw this year. One runs out of juice, and I can jump to the next.",No
Holy cow! I just got hooked by Paolo and Alex with a backup charger for my iPhone! facebook.com/powermat #powermatteam #sxsw #thanks,No
Holy cow! I just got hooked by Paolo and Alex with a backup charger for my iPhone! facebook.com/powermat #powermattteam #sxsw #thanks,No
Catch 22??_ I mean iPad 2 at #SXSW - {link} #apple #ipad2,No
Catch 22??_ I mean iPad 2 at #SXSW : {link},No
I knew if I plied @mention with beer and stogies last night I'd weasel my way into the Team Android party tonight. #success #SXSW.,No
"Honestly, I think everyone at #sxsw owns an @mention laptop! #truestory",No
"Ok nerds, I totally am Bateman. You want me to sign your iPad 2? #sxsw",No
Last year I traveled too heavy...this year too light. I'll get it right next year. Left my iPad at home. #sxsw,No
"I thought I would use my iPad a lot during #SXSW, but I haven't even touched it once.  Hmmzies.",No
???@mention I'll be at the Austin Convention Center today w/ my @mention fam... showing my new iPhone game. #SXSW??,No
"Cool one, I'll be there. RT @mention #SXSW Friday at 5pm Doodle Google session.  {link}",No
@mention  I'm beyond frustrated w/ @mention after this Samsung Moment runaround &amp; am leaving for ATT &amp; iPhone so I can enjoy #sxsw.,No
ev'ry day i'm hustlin'! working the @mention #sxsw event for @mention tonight- i've absolutely loved working... {link},No
Brilliant idea to have @mention and @mention search engine ranking session in small room. Only 75 people locked out. #sxsw,No
I have no idea why this startupbus thing is so addictive: {link} #sxsw Also just added Android app.,No
Practical ideas on android development - Bit.ly/androidhig - #sxsw,No
Wondering if anyone at #SXSW will sell me a Verizon iPhone? Bueller?,No
"???@mention If I show up at #sxsw with my 1st gen iPad, will they still let me in the door??? ( Too funny Tim!! )",No
"Hot-spot! If only @mention data speed could keep up RT @mention Also, thanks to Apple for releasing iOS 4.3 just in time for #SXSW",No
wondering if ppl in #sxsw on friday will queue at the convention centre or the apple store! xD i'm still figuring out wot i'll do!,No
Wondering if the #sxsw crowd made lines at Apple stores elsewhere in the U.S. any shorter today...,No
"@mention  if there is another interview disaster like last year's Evan Woods one, you'll see alot of iPhone staring! #sxsw",No
"???@mention If you were able to afford to attend #sxsw or buy an iPad today, consider saving a few $$$ for Japan earthquake relief. &quot;",No
.@mention imagines a future where Google asks you &quot;Why do you want to know that?&quot; when you search. #sxsw #smscifi,No
"No launch imminent apparently, so Google Circles probably won't d?but at #SXSW this evening.",No
This Week in #iPad clip: @mention joins @mention to review the free #SXSW Go #App! {link} #iPad2 #SXSWGo,No
"If you're in a room full of people w/good Wi-Fi at #SXSW run #FrostWire on your Android {link} Share pics, apps, vids w/others",No
"If you're in a room full of people w/good Wi-Fi at #SXSW run #FrostWire on your Android {link} share pics, apps, vids w/others",No
"Hot spots in Austin on Gowalla right now: convention cnt, the Ignite party n the Apple store. #sxsw #sxswi",No
I will be in Austin this weekend @mention #SXSW supporting Smarty Ears' launch of new iPad apps for Speech Therapy {link} #sxswh #sxsh,No
"If you're in Austin today, please join @mention @mention and myself talking iPad 2 and #SxSW  here: {link} :)",No
#sxsw guy in front of me at this panel has an ipad in an etch-a-sketch case...device of wondeR? #iusxsw,No
"For those in need of sweet Mac goodness at #SXSW, Apple has set up a temporary store downtown: {link}",No
Currently in route to a Truther Movement music festival at Spiderhouse. Google that. #SXSW,No
This just in: @mention to release new #socialmedia tool at #sxsw - {link},No
NFC to be included on iPhone 5? Maybe.... #sxsw,No
The apple influence on ditto: one button login choice with facebook. #sxsw #UnderstandingHumans,No
"WABI-SABI inspiration lab is looking for a spanish-speaking trend scout based in Austin, Texas. #sxsw {link}",No
"Zite, the Intelligent iPad Magazine: {link} &lt;  Deliciousness. #sxsw #trending #youneedthis",No
"google is interested in location based tech for indoor venues - businesses, convention centers etc.  Tech needs to improve first.  #sxsw",No
Hmm. Very interesting. RT @mention Wonder if @mention is putting tips from the @mention API...  #SxSW #SUxSW,No
#TheKills interview now on @mention at #sxsw may be one of the most painfully vacuous interviews in history. {link},Yes
Can't get into my first panel today. Line looks like the Apple Store. #SXSW {link},No
Tim Soo's invisible instruments are jaw dropping. iPhone+Wii controller. {link} #lovemusicapi #sxsw,No
Rockin an iPad 2 from the downtown Apple #SXSW store. #apple,No
#technews iPad 2 Gets Temporary Apple Store for SXSW {link} #Tech_News #Apple #Apple_Store #iPad_2 #SXSW #tech,No
AWESOME!! ipad 2 jailbreak!! {link} Grateful Dead #fab5 #sxsw,No
Heard the iPad 2 launch at #sxsw was pretty intense.,No
New Post: iPad 2 Launches to Huge Lines at Apple Pop-Up Shop in Austin {link} #SXSW #SXSWi,No
"???@mention iPad 2 Sold Out, 70% Went to New Buyers [REPORT] - {link} #sxsw #socialmedia #tech #ipad2 #media??",No
Remaining iPad 2 stock at #sxsw Apple store.. Come get one :-)  {link},No
I won the iPad accessories bag! Thanks @mention #SXSW,No
The #sxsw iPad app is pure gold. @mention,No
"Check out iPad Design Headaches (2 Tablets, Call in the Morning) at SXSW.
{link} #SXSW #tapworthy",No
"First up: iPad Design Headaches (2 Tablets, Call in the Morning). #SXSW #tapworthy",No
the first iPad didn't even exist here last year and I already feel like I'm pulling out an antique everytime I use my iPad #sxsw #ipad2,No
"Designing iPad Interfaces - New Navigation Schemas.
#SXSW #UXDes",No
Designing iPad interfaces with @mention #UXDes #SXSW  {link},No
"Turn your iPad into a 'physical messaging platform' with Holler Gram, a cheeky app we built for #SXSW. {link}",No
Spin Play iPad launch Party. Hanging with @mention and @mention #sxsw (@mention Cedar Street Courtyard) {link},No
"shoot, my ipad will not display any search results :( will have to go through questions later #osmpw #sxsw",No
Pic of my iPad-winning performance: {link} #sxsw #accordion #toodamnlucky,No
I fear no iphone + #att 3gs slowpoke network during #sxsw &amp; #sxswmusic.,No
The #SXSW iPhone app is mocking me. Like I have the money to be there - COME ON.,No
The #SXSW iPhone app is one of the worst I've had to use in a very long time.,No
Very cool iphone app just launched at #sxsw FlyPost: community bulletin board w/ location. Learn more: {link} {link},No
Pedicab + iPhone charger would be epic win. #SXSW,No
"Check out iPhone Developer Meet Up at SXSW.
{link} #SXSW",No
Forgot my iPhone for #sxsw. Android only. Knife to a gun fight,No
"&quot;the iPhone is a transient device used in short bursts; the iPad is an 'after 8pm, on the couch' device.&quot; @mention #sxsw",No
"Fret not, iPhone owners. Apple to open temporary store at #SXSW. {link} via @mention",No
Disliking iPhone twitter auto shortening links for me. #sxsw,No
@mention  iPhone. Clearly. Positively. Happily. #SXSW,No
Clipboard is a carny #ipad #lowtech #sxsw,No
.@mention is competing with @mention circles on the SocialFlow board for most resonant topic here. #sxsw  {link},No
"Flipboard is developing an iPhone version, not Android, says @mention #sxsw",No
Microsoft is going to launch IE9 at #SXSW. Amid all those glowing Apple logos. #classicaudiencemisread,Yes
my iPhone is overheating. why are there so many british sounding people in texas? #SXSW,No
So {link} is part of my presentation at #SXSW so good thing it's crashing now instead of then. Works best on iPhone/Android,No
#hashable is rocking @mention #SXSW the new &quot;cloud&quot; of Business Cards. No for #iPhone and #Android too,No
.@mention is super-friendly w google and isn't closed to acquisition &amp; partnership. Answering very pointed ?s from @mention #sxsw,No
GameSalad is the topic of a Dutch podcast! {link} #gssxsw #sxsw #sxsw2011 #SXSWNL,No
Soo where is this Apple store at #SXSW ?,No
"my sister is throwing the Google sxsw party tonigh Come!! {link} Bands, food, art, ice cream, nifty interactive #sxsw",Yes
???@mention is walking around #SXSW while staring down at my iPhone 4... Just like everyone else.?? // ummmm...ditto that,No
My iPhone is wilting under the stress of being at #sxsw.,No
I believe it - I almost always use Google Maps on my iPhone RT @mention 40% of Google Maps use is Mobile says @mention #sxsw,No
Of course it does! RT @mention #SXSW Gets Its Own Apple Store {link} #geeksrule,No
Rumor has it that apple putting up pop-up store at congress/6th.  Strange activity on SW corner now.  Could that be it?  Shhh... #sxsw,No
"Gotta get it! RT @mention Hey Taariq, howdy from Texas, fav #sXsw app is: {link} &lt;--android-or get Iphone #UsGuys",No
.@mention It's not a rumor: Apple is opening up a temporary store in downtown Austin for #SXSW and the iPad 2 launch {link} #fb,No
???@mention It's not a rumor: Apple is opening up a temporary store in downtown Austin for #SXSW and the iPad 2 launch {link},No
@mention  It's not a rumor: Apple is opening up a temporary store in downtown Austin for #SXSW and the iPad 2 launch bit.ly/g03MZB,No
"@mention  Its bigger than an iphone and smaller than a PC, so good for big events like #SXSW and meeti? {link}",No
"@mention  Its bigger than an iphone and smaller than a PC, so good for big events like #SXSW and meeting day? {link}",No
SXSW Gets Its Own Apple Store {link} #atx,No
I'm a bit jealous seeing #SXSW attendees with #ipad2. My iPad seems so obsolete...,No
At #sxsw? Join us for a drink (or 2) tonight at 7pm. Fado Irish Pub on 4th.  {link} We'd love to meet!,No
Posterous Joins The SXSW Pile On With Posterous Events For iPhone - TechCrunch {link} #sxsw,No
Posterous Joins The SXSW Pile On With Posterous Events For iPhone {link} #iPhone #RichPearson #SXSW,No
buildings just &quot;sprout up&quot; in the new google maps for mobile #sxsw,No
I think I just broke @mention [iPhone app]. #sxsw #sorry,No
"#technews Just In Time For SXSW, Foursquare Ups The Game And... {link} #Tech_News #Friends_Offer #iPhone #SXSW #The_Game #tech",No
&quot;I'm just learning all of these things from the screen.&quot; A 4-year old's explanation of how she instantly knew how to use an iPad. #sxsw,No
"more that just location, PixieEngine! RT @mention Google says the future is location, location, location: {link} #SXSW #CNN",No
"???@mention Just picked up my iPad 2, now back to #sxsw {link} .. So what cha think. Is it worth the upgrade?",No
At #sxsw? Keep a tab on all the great #craftbeer you're drinking in Austin. Next Pint for iPhone. {link},No
This iPad keeps me awake. Thank god I bought it.... #SXSW,No
Kawasaki: key to enchantment = trustworthiness of Zappos + likeability of Richard Branson + product of Apple #sxsw #mccannsxsw #mrmworldwide,No
At Google keynote by Marissa Mayer. #sxsw (@mention ACC - Ballroom D w/ 65 others) {link},No
"iPhone, I know this #SXSW week will be tough on your already-dwindling battery, but so help me Jeebus if you keep correcting my curse words.",No
#sxsw Jon Kolko has had his coffee. He's from a venture accelerator. {link} looking critically at Apple's influence on edu.,No
Google no lanzara ningun producto en South by SouthWest #sxsw 2011 {link},No
Google to launch a new social network Circles. Possibly today {link} #SXSW,No
google to launch a social network at #sxsw today?,No
"Google to launch a social network, Circles, at #SxSW - {link} - Who's excited?",No
Google to launch Circles social network at #sxsw? {link},No
Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called &quot;Circles&quot; - {link} #sxsw /via @mention @mention /cc @mention @mentionc,No
Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called #Circles - {link} &gt; Update: No preview planned at #SXSW,No
Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles  {link} #sxsw (via @mention,No
Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles --{link} #sxsw,No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles (Updated) {link} *Not launched at #SXSW, but soon. Should I care?",No
Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles {link} #sxsw,No
Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles {link} #sxsw (RT @mention,No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, {link} #sxsw",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, {link} #sxsw - Brazil's orkut users have been waiting.",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, but not at #SXSW by @mention {link} via @mention",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today - {link} #sxsw",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today ({link} #sxswi #SXSW via @mention",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today (Updated - not today, not at #SXSW) {link} via @mention",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today (Updated) - did it happen #sxsw {link}",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today (Updated) at #SXSW {link}",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today (Updated) by @mention {link} #sxsw",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link}",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} (via @mention #sxsw",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #circles #sxsw",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #google #circles #sxsw",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #SXSW",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw - this will surely be a threat to FB",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw (via @mention #pcbuzz",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw {link}",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw @mention",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw #Pakistan #cwc2011",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw ~LB (via @mention",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw rt @mention via @mention",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw Via @mention",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw via @mention @mention",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw??",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw?? @mention",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw?? &gt;&gt; Should be good",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw?? of course, another social network",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw&quot;",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} rt @mention #sxsw",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} via @mention @mention #SxSW",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} via @mention #sxsw",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today @mention {link} via @mention",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today @mention #SXSW {link} via @mention",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today @mention #sxsw #sxswi - {link} via @mention",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today at #SXSW {link}",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today at #sxsw {link}",No
"Google to launch major new social network called Circles, possibly today at SXSW: {link} #sxsw #nfusion",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today by {link} #SXSW",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today by @mention {link} via @mention   #SXSW #ScreenFuture",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today by @mention {link} via @mention &lt;-- at #SXSW? #Curious",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today by @mention {link} via @mention #SXSW",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today by @mention {link} via @mention #sxsw #22sxsw",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today by @mention {link} via @mention #SXSW #ScreenFuture",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today by @mention {link} via @mention #sxsw #sxswi",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today rww.to/f6BCEt #sxsw",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today rww.to/f6BCEt #sxsw #yam",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today. {link} #SXSW",No
"Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today{link} #sxsw",No
Google to launch Major New Social Network called Circles: {link} Possibly today #SXSW,No
Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles!!!  #google #circles #sxsw {link},No
Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles!!! #google #circles #sxsw {link},No
Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles.. {link} #sxsw v @mention @mention,No
Google to launch new social network at SXSW?  {link} #google #SXSW,No
Google to launch new social network at SXSW? - CNET News {link} #sxsw,No
Google to launch new social network at SXSW? {link} #ACLU #SXSW,No
"Google to Launch New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} {link} #SXSW #in",No
"Google to launch new social network Circles, linking u more closely to peeps u connect w/most. possibly today @mention #sxsw!",No
Google to launch new social portal today at #SXSW?  {link},No
"Google to launch product! Wait, no launch, but product exists.  Wait, product does not exist! #sxsw {link}",No
Google to launch social network &quot;Circles&quot; - denies launch at #sxsw though. {link} #google #circles,No
Google to launch social network called circles #sxsw RT,No
Google to launch social network Google Circles  at some point - but not at SXSW today.  :-(   {link}   #sxsw,No
"Google to launch their own social network today @mention #sxsw. Update status, share videos &amp; photos with a Circle of friends. {link}",No
"Hootsuite launches new Analytics, integrates with facebook, google analytics. Looks good! #hootsuite #sxsw  {link} #HootStats",No
Is Google launching a new social network (called Circles) today at #SXSW? {link},No
Is Google launching its own social network? Definitely not at ##sxsw. But rumor still has it...{link}  #googlecircles,No
We're not launching any products at #SXSW but we're doing plenty else. Join us for #H4ckers &amp; 80s dancing today {link},No
"Wikitude, Layar, FLAR tools, Argon, and Google Goggles- augmented reality browsers, tools &amp; apps to check out. #sxsw #eduar",No
I was too lazy to google it. #SXSW,No
Hope they leave it up after #SXSW RT @mention Apple Opening Pop-Up Store In Austin For SXSW {link} by @mention,No
"Check out Left Brain Search = Google. Right Brain Search = X at SXSW.
{link} #SXSW #BetterSearch",No
Check out Lightbox.com at the Team Android Choice Awards finalists announced at #sxsw @mention and team rock!,No
"God, it's like being at #sxsw - have iMac, MacBook, iPhone and BlackBerry all staring at me. Enough! Time to read a book - remember those?",No
It smells like cheese sticks. RT @mention &quot;She's the iPad DJ working the Etsy party.&quot; #realtalk #sxsw,No
"ha, seems like it --&gt; ???@mention The only news at SXSWi was Apple's temporary iPad store? #sxsw #wth???",No
how's the line at #sxsw Apple Store for the #ipad?,No
There's a line at #SXSW Apple Store on ipad Day 2! {link},No
Anyone in line at the temporary Apple Store in Austin has any idea till how late they'll be open tonight? #sxsw,No
People in line for iPad 2 passing time surfing on iPad 1. #sxsw,Yes
"Saw giant line, thought it was for movie premiere. It was at apple store for iPad 2. Heard more screams than at premiere! #SXSW",No
Are there lines at the temp Apple Store in Austin yet? #sxsw,No
Here is a list of all the music performers at #SXSW {link} .  I used jQuery to screen-scrape it :),No
My people listening to #google #sxsw @mention  {link},No
"Since I'm listening to Google's Marissa Mayer, but engaging on Twitter I'm wondering what the heck happened to Google Buzz. #SXSW",No
"Location, location location ! {link} via @mention from #google during #sxsw",No
#tech One lone dude awaits #iPad_2 at #Apple??s #SXSW store: Apple likely expected a bigger crowd forming... {link} #technology,No
I bet the longest iPad lines are gonna be in Austin. #sxsw,No
Getting a look at Google's Impact Dashboard for the first time. #sxsw,No
Google is looking at social signals more and more for search results. #qagb #sxsw,No
For those looking for HIG-like guidelines when designing for android {link} by Adam Beckley #uxamandroid @mention #SXSW,No
I've been looking forward to the google/bing q/a on website ranking all week. #sxsw,No
Radio 3.0 looking for new bands for our radio show. Listen: {link} {link} #nowplaying #newmusic #sxsw pls RT,Yes
If anyone lost an iPhone in a cab in downtown Austin last night please hit me up. #sxsw,Yes
If anyone lost an iPhone in the back of a cab in downtown Austin around 10.30-11p tonight please hit me up #sxsw,Yes
There's a lot of drinking &amp; drawing at the Google SketchUp party #sxsw,No
There are lots of other Google efforts helping Japan! and many other global issues. :)  RT @mention RT @mention wtf is up w/people at #sxsw,No
"You gotta love @mention @mention unabashed Apple #fanboy &gt;&gt; Before It Even Begins, Apple Wins #SXSW :: {link}",No
So geeky! Love it! RT @mention Apple is opening up a temporary store in downtown Austin for #SXSW and the iPad 2 launch {link},No
.@mention Love it. @mention @mention #sxsw: &quot;apple comes up w/ cool technology no one's ever heard of because they don't go 2 conferences&quot; me 2!,No
???@mention Love it. @mention at #sxsw: &quot;apple comes up with cool technology no one's ever heard of because they don't go to conferences&quot;??,No
N33: They Love Me in This Town  {link} [codes valid: 12:00-3:59:59p 03/14/11] #infektd #sxsw #necro,No
Sketchily lurking @mention big boi #sxsw concert on iPhone business with 8am HARD (read: massive announcement) deadline. #lovemyjob @mention,Yes
"trying to make a detailed, colour coded, google calendar for #SXSW is proving to be really tough. also, when did i get this organized?!",No
#technews Man panhandling for an iPad 2 at SXSW. What??s the world coming to? {link} #Tech_News #iPad_2 #SXSW #tech,No
&quot;How many people have iPads?&quot; Whole room raises hand. &quot;iPad 2's?&quot; Half the room raises hand. #stillonamacbook #shame #sxsw #nfusion,No
"RT Hiring marketers, designers, creatives, social media pros... Come see #Aquent booth 1415 #SXSW trade show. Might win iPad 2",No
I love it marketing genius.. #SXSW RT @mention Inside Apple's Temporary Store in Austin {link},No
Great vid Marty! RT @mention #iPad2 Live Unboxing In Front Of The #SXSW Apple Store [VIDEO] {link},No
I think I may go iPad only -- no laptop -- today at #SXSWi.  Any #SXSW veterans have any reasons why I shouldn't?,No
They made me a #soundcloud ambassador for #sxsw I upload music from shows &amp; they reward me RT @mention This soundcloud android app is fresh,Yes
"Come find me at the @mention booth, I have 2 @mention #iPad cases left and we have 1 more @mention to win! #cbatsxsw #SXSW",No
It amazes me how many people don't tuck the flap in on their apple iPad case #sxsw,No
what omfg means please? {link} Webber iPad #sxsw Dionne Warwick,No
Alert the media.  I just saw the one and only Android tablet at #sxsw.  Like finding a needle in a haystack!  I also saw a Cr-48.,No
N2: First Meetings {link} [codes valid: 12:00-3:59:59p 03/11/11] #infektd #sxsw #necro,No
"great for meetings, haha! #hollergram {link} #sxsw",No
But great mental image. RT @mention People in this session are taking photos w/ their iPad 2s up in the air... #doingitwrong #sxsw,No
purchased Mexican Mavis by Boy &amp; Bear... Sold! On first listen. Thanks #SXSW {link} #iTunes,No
purchased Mexican Mavis by Boy &amp; Bear... Sold! On first listen. Thanks #SXSW #iTunes #Free {link} #iTunes,No
"Comprando mi iPad 2 en el #SXSW (@mention Apple Store, SXSW w/ 62 others) {link}",No
I think I might go all weekend without seeing the same iPad case twice... #sxsw,No
For sure! Mine does via iPad RT @mention You know you are an #agnerd if your #dairy relies on evernote!  {link} #SXSW #agchat,No
"Bummed to miss #SXSW this year, but we're all quarantined with the same kiddie cold, and I have GarageBand on my iPad to comfort me. #fb",Yes
How did I miss this?! I knew I spotted NFC enabled google places marker at birds! No wonder all the billboard near #sxsw {link},No
"At Red 7, Mist Giant dope! Interviewed Adi from The Mind of Adi a few minutes ago, compared cat pics!  #sxsw Location: {link}",No
"HootSuite Mobile for #SXSW ~ Updates for iPhone, BlackBerry &amp; Android {link}",No
"HootSuite Mobile for #SXSW ~ Updates for iPhone, BlackBerry &amp; Android {link} (via @mention",No
"HootSuite Mobile for #SXSW ~ Updates for iPhone, BlackBerry &amp; Android {link} #Android #BlackBerry #Keitai",No
"HootSuite Mobile for #SXSW ~ Updates for iPhone, BlackBerry &amp; Android {link} #hootsuite",No
"HootSuite Mobile for #SXSW ~ Updates for iPhone, BlackBerry &amp; Android {link} via @mention",No
"HootSuite Mobile for #SXSW ~ Updates for iPhone, BlackBerry &amp; Android: Shared by Paul??_ {link} #shared",No
"HootSuite Mobile for #SXSW ~ Updates for iPhone, BlackBerry &amp; Android: Whether you??re getting friendly down at S... {link}",No
mashup on mobile with contextual information in the future by #Google by Marissa Mayer #sxsw #thefutureismobile,No
"There are more than a few PATs here at #sxsw. If you don't know what I'm talking about, please google Julia Sweeney and learn.",No
"Well good morning #SxSWi day 4... I'm ready for another day of great panels, BC alumni &amp; the Industry Party tonight! #sxsw #gsdm #google",No
Loving my Morphie JuicePack today for a recharge of iPhone. So worth it. #sxsw,No
"Brilliant move by Apple: before it even begins, Apple wins #SXSW {link}",No
"Hey #SXSW movers and shakers, @mention is publishing a &quot;Poke the Box&quot; eBook next week. Get involved: {link}",No
Having so much fun handing out chances to win 2 Audi cars with @mention #SXSW  (@mention Apple Store SXSW) {link},No
How could Murphy USA better serve you inside Google Maps on your phone? -Google is announcing great features in v5 #SXSW,No
Why can't my #iPad and I be intimate together? #tapworthy #designflaws #sxswi #sxsw,No
compiling my #sxsw list in one google doc is taking a lot longer than i thought... so many parties. so many good musicians.,No
Day 1 and my charger kicked the bucket. Where the heck is the Apple store that's within walking distance? #sxsw,No
#sxsw did my good deed ... returned a lost iPhone,No
"Thanks to my good friend, the great @mention for gifting me an Exogear iPhone backup battery case. Priceless at #sxsw",No
Sent from my iPhone? RT @mention Behind on 100s of emails? Give them all 1 line iPhone composed replies. #SXSW #protip,No
"With just my iPhone and iPad on me, I feel very unequipped compared to everyone else. Dang! #sxsw",No
"Headed to my sole #sxsw event, the ACLU dotRights/Google party",No
whats the name of the song? {link} #imthetype iPad #imthetype #sxsw,No
Why do we need a &quot;page flip effect&quot; -???like having a fake needle on a cd-player??  #tapworthy #sxsw #iPad,No
"Hm? Do we need another 1? RT @mention Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw",No
What do u need? @mention Groups challenged with coming up with iPhone app to solve parenting issues #sxsw #worklifeprogress,No
.@mention needs the help of a badass android developer right now for a debugging emergency. Know anyone? @mention him. #SXSW,Yes
???@mention New #UberSocial for #iPhone now in the App Store includes UberGuide to #SXSW sponsored by #Mashable {link},No
???@mention New #UberSocial for #iPhone now in the App Store includes UberGuide to #SXSW sponsored by #Mashable {link} -fin'ly!,No
???@mention New #UberSocial for #iPhone now in the App Store includes UberGuide to #SXSW sponsored by #Mashable?? @mention vamos a probar...,No
Couple of new blogs: random tips on awesome iPhone app dev: {link} and the politics behind HTML5: {link} #SXSW,No
Why isn't news industry spending more R&amp;D? Why wait for Apple to innovate for publishers (b/c print is subsidizing efforts.) #newsapps #sxsw,No
"HootSuite News: HootSuite Mobile for #SXSW ~ Updates for iPhone, BlackBerry &amp; Android {link}",No
This dude next to me is holding and using an iPad 2 like it's a trophy. #sxsw #lookingforwardtothemusicfest,No
@mention  Nice @mention store huh?  Any chance we can meet (face to face) while at #SXSW today or Sat?  Wanna talk #beer &amp; #social.,No
There are no hard feelings towards Google. @mention says they would make a great partner. #checkins #sxsw #pnid,No
.@mention No. 1 hack they found: people jumping over the corporate firewall (e.g. using Google Docs etc.) #hackingwork #sxsw,No
"Hope it's not a flop akaBuzz! @mention Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw",No
C34: It??s Not a Retreat! {link} [codes valid: 12:00-3:59:59p 03/14/11] #infektd #sxsw #cvdc,No
"???@mention Not a rumor: Apple doing popup store in downtown Austin for #SXSW &amp; iPad 2 launch {link} Smart move, 1of many #dfcbto",No
Is anyone NOT hopping on this groupon bandwagon?! ???@mention to Launch &quot;Groupon or Living Social-type&quot; Rewards at #SXSW {link},Yes
Google is NOT launching any products at #SXSW {link},No
"Google is not launching anything during #sxsw, just partying {link} #circles",No
"No Droid? Not surprised. RT @mention spotted at #sxsw: table of three people with 8 phones, an iPad and a MacBook out. #gadgetoverload",No
"To buy or not to buy RT @mention Before It Even Begins, Apple Wins??#SXSW {link}",No
"Farooqui: Now about mobile. iOS, with Android catching up fast and will grow more once they allow in-app purchasing. #gamesfortv #sxsw",No
Fear not! Now extended through Wed! --&gt; RT @mention RT @mention Last day for Apple popup is Sunday 3/13 #SXSW #AppleATXdt,No
Calvin is now the Geek Charlie Sheen with his goddesses. @mention @mention @mention @mention #google #SXSW,No
.@mention of @mention &quot;We were getting feedback from #SXSW groups &amp; we pushed out an Android fix at the grilled cheese stand yesterday.&quot;,No
".@mention of @mention on manufacturing serendipity- &quot;Having access to more information makes us more curious, not less&quot; #SXSW",No
&quot;All of #SXSW is nothing but a teeming sea of iPhone addicts too busy Twittering to ever engage with one anoth??_ (cont) {link},No
Not a fan of a new #sxsw trend - audience sharing opinions via holding up an iPad. Not here to listen to you. #annoying,No
&quot;40% of all Google Maps usage is on mobile&quot; - Marissa Mayer #sxsw,No
The power of Apple: People who have spent hundreds of dollars to attend #SXSW are spending the day waiting in line for an iPad.,No
Continuum of attitudes on crowdsourcing: Gap is to &quot;I hear you&quot; as Apple is to &quot;I'll tell you&quot; #sxsw,No
Google VP of consumer products Marissa Mayer says location is everything: {link} #sxsw,No
#SXSW 20% of Google searches are for local information: Marissa Mayer. 6 million places claimed by their owners and logged by #Google,No
Third era of google logos = an interactive play space. Get ready. #GoogleDoodle #sxsw #gsdm,No
"New batch of iPad 2's just delivered #sxsw #ipad2 @mention Apple Store, SXSW {link} #photo",No
Highlight of my day was undoubtedly meeting @mention from Google for 30 seconds after her softball fancrazed preso at #SXSW,No
Cool team of startups came via siliconvalley bus hacking apps @mention  ex-Google Au now on stage w speakermeetup #sxsw at DogPatch Labs,No
"Wow, lots of the #SXSW audience haven't seen the 3D vector panning in Google Maps for Mobile - gasps of appreciation",No
#sxsw tip of the day (again ;-). turn your iphone screen brightness down. way down. #conservebatterylife #peace @mention,No
first leg of the Mobile Social at #sxsw #fb {link},No
I14: Call of the Zombie {link} [codes valid: 4:00-7:59:59p 03/12/11] #infektd #sxsw #zomb,No
I18: Call of the Zombie {link} [codes valid: 8:00-11:59:59p 03/12/11] #infektd #sxsw #zomb,No
Tomlinson of TX Observer says Apple subscription data holding is biggest impediment to success. #newsapps #sxsw,No
"Tip: Turn off push &amp; set fetch to manual mode for email (mail,contacts &amp; cal &gt; fetch new data) - saves battery.  #iPhone #SXSW",No
???@mention Official #SXSW App ???SXSW GO?? {link} #android #iphone #ipad?? &lt;thanks!installed,No
"Zazzle is officially at #SXSW! Come by the @mention Grille, mention us with #zazzlsxsw and you??ll get to make your own iPhone case!",No
"#technews OMG/JK: A Kiss For iPad 2, A Slap For Xoom {link} #Tech_News #iPad_2 #JK #OMG #SXSW #tech",No
.@mention on #sxsw with a Cr48. there's so much potential here! {link},No
"Idle time on a #SXSW Friday can be an expensive thing. (@mention Apple Store, SXSW w/ 80 others) [pic]: {link}",No
It's also on Android. :) RT @mention Foodspotting's hit iPhone app finds the foods you crave {link}  #cnnmoneysxsw #sxsw,Yes
USA Today on iPad: makes good use of digital shortcuts while still looking like a newspaper. @mention #tapworthy #sxsw,No
"iPhone in one hand, caramel macchiato in the other. Ouch-hiss-hot!  With apparently two pumps of lava. And so it begins... #sxsw #tmsxsw",No
Thats the one i want to get when it hits canada.RT @mention #sxsw ipad store sold out of everything except 64gig wifi only white,Yes
#technews One lone dude awaits iPad 2 at Apple??s SXSW store {link} #Tech_News #Apple #iPad_2 #SXSW #tablets #tech,No
More than one million ratings per month on Google HotPot #SXSW ^pr,No
I can haz one? ???@mention Just showed off @mention Charge Anywhere at a bar to charge my iPhone and the whole table wanted to buy one. #SXSW??,No
&quot;the only explanation for the continued success of Apple is the existence of God.&quot; @mention #enchantment #sxsw,No
"#Apple to open a &quot;pop-up&quot; store across the street from #SXSW for two weeks? Umm, genius. If it isn't obvious... *cough (#iPad2) cough*",No
#Apple to open pop up store at #SXSW in time for #ipad2 sales {link},No
#Apple to Open Pop-Up Shop at #SXSW [REPORT] {link},No
#Apple to Open Pop-Up Shop at #SXSW [REPORT] {link} (via @mention,No
#Apple to Open Pop-Up Shop at #SXSW [REPORT] {link} #property,No
#Apple to Open Pop-Up Shop at #SXSW [REPORT]: Apple is set to open a temporary store in the??_ {link},No
#Apple to Open Pop-Up Shop at #SXSW [REPORT]: Apple is set to open a temporary store in the... {link} #realestate #tech,No
#Apple to Open Pop-Up Shop at #SXSW {link} via @mention,No
#Apple to open pop-up shop at #SXSW:  {link},No
#Apple to Open Pop-Up Shop at SXSW {link} &lt;---cool concept but I wouldn't spend my #SXSW waiting for the #iPad2,No
#Apple to open temporary store at #SXSW {link},No
Have some open time Tues &amp; Wed if any news site managers want to chat about Google News. Let me know! #sxsw,No
Wear your OpenBeta VIP Badge at #sxsw and you might win an iPad from QuiBids and a case from @mention #sxswbuffalo,No
"Apple has opened a makeshift store for #sxsw, iPad2 will be available at 5pm today... #tempted",No
Launching our iPhone app soon and we're participating to the LaunchRock comp at #SXSW {link} get your invite now! :),No
Hey #SXSW our new iPad app Dexteria is now available {link} like us on Facebook {link},No
"IPad 2 is out! Plenty of people at the store..and in line..scarfing them up. #SXSW (@mention Apple Store, SXSW w/ 65 others) {link}",No
Nice line outside #sxsw #apple store! I guess people want some iPad2s!!!,No
Confusion over Google Circles. Google claim Circles is not being released at #sxsw and is not even in development. {link},No
@mention  packing a point by showing iphone fragmentation  #SXSW,No
Attending panel &quot;better living through cloud computing &quot; presented by Google's Jon Wiley. #sxsw,No
One #SXSW panel moderator who is from the Europe says he spent $3000 in roaming charges on his iPhone at SXSW 2010.,No
The brown paper on the windows as the line grows at the #SXSW PopUp Apple Store by Gold's Gym at Sixth &amp; Congress. {link},No
"#sxsw two parties down (Awesome Journalism, NPR/Google), one to go (PBS).",No
At google party. Best ever! Get your butt over here. #sxsw,No
Hey #sxsw peeps! Our new IPhone app ON #Voicefeed just launched the US: {link} Check it out and let us know what you think!,No
"Watch how people interact with information... it be different, bigger, smaller... #touchingstories #iPad and/or #tablet #SXSW",No
Hey #sxsw people! Survival tip no 2. Great vegitarian/vegan right in the think of the action. Mr Natural! {link} #sxswsurvival,No
The #sxsw Pepsi Max Marketing Street Team has shown up to the PopUp Apple Store line handing out drinks &amp; Tshirts. {link},No
"New post: Per this rumor, Google may preview its big social strategy at an '80s-themed costume party at #SXSW. Yep {link}",No
Instagram photo by iamtimbaker: Google's 1980's #SXSW Party with @mention {link},No
Trying to pick up on a theme at #SXSW this year.  I think it may be the opening of data from Google to government. #SXSW #bolinsxsw,No
Google is planning to launch a major new Social Network called Circles. Previews so far have been super positive #SXSW {link},No
mashable: Platform for Concertgoers Launches Android App in Time for SXSW - {link} #sxsw {link},No
A game to play at SWSX... spot non Apple electronics. #sxsw,No
I need to play this game on my #android - #SXSW {link},No
Grown men playing legos... Google party #sxsw  @mention Speakeasy {link},No
I left my pocket guide at the hotel. I don't know how I'm going to cope. What does that say about the usability of iPad/iPhone app? #SXSW,No
"Check out Poked, Liked &amp; Re-Tweeted: A Google Love Story at SXSW.
{link} #SXSW #sxsw15 #sxswiC",No
"Check out Poked, Liked &amp; Re-Tweeted: A Google Love Story at SXSW. #SXSW #sxsw15 #sxswiC",No
Temporary Pop Shop by #Apple at #SXSW and Nice Flipboard upgrade,No
The apple pop up store at #sxsw is no joke.,No
Found the pop-up Apple store at #SXSW,No
The Apple pop-up store is more attractive and impressive than many permanent retail stores. #sxsw,No
The Apple pop-up store line finally dwindled. Time to check out iPad2. #sxsw,No
"The apple popup store was off the hook last night at #sxsw - singing, dancing, high fives on new iPad purchase",No
"Wordpress powers 12% of websites (from #SXSW talk from WP founder).  WOW.  The other 88%?  russian spam bots, nigerian bankers, google",Yes
"Brilliant PR stunt, business idea and customer service response in one: Apple sets up a pop-up store at #sxsw, draws crowds, media &amp; revenue",No
"Panels on PR, cloud computing, Android design, iPhone design today. Hope to redeem my panel experience in one fell swoop #sxsw",No
"Excellent presentation by @mention on &quot;The untapped iPad Market, is your site POUR?&quot; #sxsw #poursite #accessibility",No
Excellent presentation on digital magazines {link} #touchingstories #SXSW,No
Hey #sxsw presenters &amp; attendees! Here are tips on how to show presentations on the #iPad and #iPhone {link},No
iPad 2 is pretty sick! Almost makes me think I need one! #sxsw,No
Google to preview new social network called Circles at SXSW Interactive today - {link} #Google #Social #SXSW #Circles,No
Google To Preview Social Networking Platform At #SXSW Conference? {link},No
#technews Privacy Could Headline Google Circles Social... {link} #Tech_News #ACLU #Google_Circles #Social_Network #SXSW #tech,No
.@mention Problem with Google Living Stories was the process of creating content didn't change - was just an interface. #hacknews #SXSW,No
??? We have problems??_TIME TO STOP *******! ??_ {link} ??_ #edchat #musedchat #sxsw #sxswi #classical #newTwitter,Yes
Im in the Q at the Apple pop up store #sxsw with @mention and @mention !! :))  {link},No
"Check out Q&amp;A With Google &amp; Bing On Website Ranking at SXSW.
{link} #SXSW #qagb",No
Check out Q&amp;A With Google &amp; Bing On Website Ranking at SXSW. #SXSW #qagb #sxsma,No
"???@mention Qik Video Connect Plus launches today! Get live video chat, video mail, share live video to Twitter and more  #SXSW?? make it for iPad",No
"Ne sapete qualcosa? ???@mention Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today {link} #sxsw??",No
"if you're racing around #sxsw, you best be fueling up with great local fare
#eatshopaustinapp {link}",No
Now on my radar: Google Circus. RT @mention Google to Launch New Social Network: Circles via @mention {link} #pr  #SXSW,No
BRILLIANT READ: Attention Marketers and Media Professionals: the iPad won't save you by @mention  {link} #usguys #SxSW,No
"Augmented reality? Pah! Mayer (Google) calls it &quot;contextual discovery&quot; ??? doing searches without search, *with users' permission* #sxsw",No
".@mention Rec: Give the Bad Apple a job in a mtg, such as taking notes. Make mtg voluntary =&gt; willing participants. #gamestorming #sxsw",No
Google is reproducing digitally the way you organically consume information. Goggles is the best example of that. #SXSW #MarissaMeyer,No
"Future of retail instore = party [goods] up front, biz [inventory ]in the back ala #apple mullet #sxsw #kiosks",No
".@mention retiring from Wine Library TV, moving onto Daily Grape. Get the app on yr iPhone. #thankyouecon #SXSW",No
.@mention reveals average time users spent on NYT's Oscars iPad app was 16mins: &quot;That blew my mind&quot; #newsapps #sxsw,No
"They were right, the @mention 3 app on #android is sweeeeet! Nice job by the team there. #sxsw",No
